test:  returns a reorder of reverse from a reverse suite .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  reorders   compiles
truth:  reorders   suite

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  deprecated: expand the probes of the probes .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  updates   pulls
truth:  updates   null

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  attach total_watchers to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   collects
truth:  attach   count

test:  add a list of paths to the theme .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   solve
truth:  add   settings

test:  guess a autoescape template .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  turn   arrive
truth:  turn   escape

test:  downgrade downgrade path into a filesystem root .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns an additional file path for the provided file .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  removes a rabbitmq policy from the role via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   stacking
truth:  get   grid

test:  get and write a commented file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  capture a screenshot image .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  run vcs tool in a vcs tool .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  request a entrance exam as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   distributed
truth:  request   problems

test:  redefine this fixture to change the init config options to a test user .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  redefine   unlinks
truth:  redefine   fixture

test:  decorator to restrict default locks methods .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  function to return the current date for the string passed .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  copied   pulls
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  converts id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and/or a task id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the leads saturation of the graph .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  iterates   increase
truth:  iterates   nodes

test:  return the current group id in a group .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  init   expand
truth:  init   permissions

test:  extension method to construct a wsdl matrix from flow .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  set   located
truth:  set   method

test:  returns a boolean of bytes in a given string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  check if a vector is a non-zero .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  verify that the given value contains the given register .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  find the matching bits in the tree .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   restrict
truth:  finds   array

test:  when a session was added from a connection .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  disconnect   trivial
truth:  disconnect   connection

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  updates the content of the line .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  fix   preload
truth:  fix   content

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  given a keyword .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   results
truth:  split   keywords

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  pulls   relies
truth:  pulls   logic

test:  return a url for a file by path .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  convert a incoming request .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  convert   populates
truth:  convert   params

test:  take a slice of slices and return a string containing the number of seconds .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  perform a taking function for an estimator .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  swaps the number of perticular items between two individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  reverse the sequence of overlapping objects .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  gets the number of target_rel for an object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  product of two random nodes with the same shape .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  given a regular expression or a list of patterns .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  build   shared
truth:  build   string

test:  command line argument parsing and add an ordered one .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   tracing
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task time has slot slot as taskset .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  start   mount
truth:  start   task

test:  gets a bootstrap sample from a combined array .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  yields   declared
truth:  yields   samples

test:  returns an integration manager which integer integer value for the given manager .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  helper function to get config value from request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  retrieves   listen
truth:  retrieves   key

test:  define a default value for the given default type .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  defines   cause
truth:  defines   option

test:  determines if a network is a valid network version .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   ayoung
truth:  check   base

test:  list haproxy servers servers .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  list   fold
truth:  list   backend

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   overlay
truth:  replace   func

test:  cleanup all python files and return them .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  go   crop
truth:  go   directory

test:  return a list of refs from a file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  swap the case of the matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  swap   turn
truth:  swap   case

test:  this function computes the virtuals of a univariate equation with the form of the second equation .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  make a user model that encodes the current user model .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  compute square-free norm of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  measure of the asymmetry between two values lie and x .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  correlation   associate
truth:  correlation   expressions

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume volume .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  press the keyboard button for volume up .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   follows
truth:  press   button

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   reuse
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from a .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  test to make sure that we can reset to reset extensions .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  norm -> array norm of a 3d array returns a list of :class:linebuilder .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  compute   save
truth:  compute   euclidean

test:  unfinished two dictionaries .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  given   leaves
truth:  given   dictionaries

test:  take the value passed .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  creates a bytearray from a sequence .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  special case of the tests from a source file .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  shuts   deallocate
truth:  shuts   worker

test:  define a single module .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  return the class with a single test suite .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  simplified   extract
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shut down the system delay : int optional wait delay : before the system will be rebooted .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   directed
truth:  shutdown   delay

test:  sort iterable based on their side elements .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  sort   eliminates
truth:  sort   elements

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler scale deployments in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  setup sidebar .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  enable   enhance
truth:  enable   items

test:  generate a password for the supplied set of items .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  returns the action zone for a given path .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   hits
truth:  enable   filter

test:  a wrapper for logging exceptions that leave api calls .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  download a new file from the optionparser .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  sets the global indentation level .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  find a full python path based on the python sandbox .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns true if slug is a numerical slug .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   format
truth:  find   parameter

test:  create a new security group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  helper method to walk an etree class .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  turn   sparks
truth:  turn   number

test:  fail unless the given object is a tuple of dictionaries .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  convert set *obj* to a python set .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  convert   grab
truth:  convert   val

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  return a dominating dominating set of the graph .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  finds   lstrip
truth:  finds   set

test:  remove the small objects .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   tsv
truth:  remove   components

test:  this method will add the url for a course that will be passed in the courseware of the course .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  disable termination protection on the ssh system .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  rewrite a file to be used and writes the __path__ to the file .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  helper function for converting an appropriate window for connection .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  find all elements from a sequence that are equal to a sequence of length .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  create   reveal
truth:  create   sequence

test:  get the calling function .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  get the maximum unique id for the given unplug and the fragments .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  add a list of parts to the output and output nicely .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  expected assignment_params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  creates a wtforms form for the given query .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  convert a belongs folder path to a folder .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  determine   wanted
truth:  determine   filename

test:  remove all admin create_thumbnail .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  delete   registering
truth:  delete   views

test:  check if specified port is suitable for snapshots .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  shortest path lengths of predecessors .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  find   scans
truth:  find   pairs

test:  reads appstats data from file .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  performs a vfs .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  replace   emits
truth:  replace   definition

test:  gets a list of page paths .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return a dict of data to be used in tenant .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  adds a background background jobs .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  gets the email address for a given user .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  look   allocate
truth:  look   user

test:  get the qualifier or find distributions .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  create legend for cluster on current axes .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  function   meet
truth:  function   legend

test:  replace the default time to sleep .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  replace   support
truth:  replace   time

test:  print a list of all documents in a given document .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   decreases
truth:  print   documents

test:  print a list of modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  header   converted
truth:  header   block

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the length .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  load a pickle file from .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  update a metadef namespace or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  add to or create a new variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  strip off the formatting from a string .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  remove   move
truth:  remove   latex

test:  display a display on a u_{t+1} based on index .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  display   emitting
truth:  display   character

test:  sets the target="_blank" .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  calculate the diversity gradient of the diversity front of the front .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  display an error thrown by corner .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  checks   capturing
truth:  checks   error

test:  returns true if the file at the given path .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  generate a group title .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  return a dictionary of data that may be checked for a given path .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  traverse   crop
truth:  traverse   directory

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return a dict of all dependencies of the given numba type .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  compute   coupling
truth:  compute   target

test:  ensures that rights for collection in collection are valid and if the collection collection is invalid .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within verbosity quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  gets task info dict .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  get   mount
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   registering
truth:  return   views

test:  convert a timestamp to a str .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  returns a node ports of nodes in a graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  get equation for cylindrical azimuth .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   looping
truth:  destroy   node

test:  pack a python object into a yaml stream .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  a test .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  override   deflate
truth:  override   config

test:  convenience function for getting a build url for a service .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  test uninstalling an editable package from svn from a svn svn .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  simple sequences for the given number of patterns .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  pulls   config
truth:  pulls   patterns

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  displays packages of the specified jail cli example: .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  displays   downloading
truth:  displays   package

test:  wrap residuals .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  sync engines engines from salt://_returners to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   pulls
truth:  sync   null

test:  wrap a python traceback to externally traceback .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  pulls   skipped
truth:  pulls   use

test:  deserialize the user from an email address .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  view   port
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns a suitable object for given object id .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   controlled
truth:  returns   identifier

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  parameters x : the type to be checked against returns validator - a function which is of a type .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  adds a database .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validate kernel .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  convert a list of strings .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  returns current locales .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  override   base64encodes
truth:  override   djangos

test:  removes order over the files .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  iterate   sleep
truth:  iterate   files

test:  gets the imported function .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get min network .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live publish scm to most of the live :jenkins-wiki:m2 plugin dictionary|at:key}} .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  pulls   reorders
truth:  pulls   screenshot

test:  escape & .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  insert   flashes
truth:  insert   characters

test:  thunk to pickle and register the result as a function .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  convenience function to get value from a given type and return value .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  searches for a python code in the format list .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  removes raw real and raw newlines .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  returns a list of width from either the occurs or the ca .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  true if a given operator is in the arithmetic operator .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  encodes a value to json .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  serializes   aliased
truth:  serializes   json

test:  build a show scene for a show device .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  build   eliminating
truth:  build   cache

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  wait for a function to be changed .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   reported
truth:  wait   function

test:  retrieve the javascript urls for each pipeline in the settings .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  i broken broken .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  break   equalize
truth:  break   email

test:  returns all templates and prefix for a given host .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   reflect
truth:  build   testcase

test:  read graph in p2 format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   translated
truth:  read   g

test:  return a theano variable .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  casts   transliterate
truth:  casts   variable

test:  context manager for setting the given output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a new network acl .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  replaces   inform
truth:  replaces   entry

test:  table tables .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  extract the content type from a given kind .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  returns   subclass

test:  create a translated document revision for the given document .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  return   capitalizes
truth:  return   revision

test:  migrate existing admission plugin facts .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   identifies
truth:  apply   plugin

test:  test instrumentation of a vm .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   exchanges
truth:  register   capabilities

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  mutation that pops or update the value from the *individual* *individual* .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  adds   urlencode
truth:  adds   item

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  returns a regression problem with the specified parameters groebner : the groebner object a regression .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert non-central moments to mid-steps recursive formula produces the distance between each vertex traversal and *y* coordinates .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  parses one header into lines that can be found in a chunk of lines .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  take   tend
truth:  take   chunk

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  returns true if the given user is a vertical authored .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test load a widget from an existing url .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  test   point
truth:  test   status

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  this method helps you get a calendar of the archivableobjects .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  persists   inserting
truth:  persists   calendar

test:  assign defweb .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  determine   storing
truth:  determine   template

test:  safely remove the directory resources/documentname/fn file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  sanitize the netstat .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a list of all the top l10n score .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  returns   accepting
truth:  returns   e

test:  sets a new query to allow the provided query .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  each array of arrays in each list of tuples .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  convert a list of tags into text .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  deletes files of the destination .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  get sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   inputhook
truth:  get   sys

test:  convert input array into binary array .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create and return a single contents of a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  update template to map a template to the template model .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  callback to write an testing option .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse time string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  writes and parse to a string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return a relying party for the given request .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  respond   assign
truth:  respond   requests

test:  get the device name of an object .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns the number of entries in a passed sequence .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   confirmed
truth:  check   length

test:  return a list of unique featured featured sponsor .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  retrieve   file
truth:  retrieve   rotation

test:  create a continuous random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  projects projects across a revision .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  list   determine
truth:  list   projects

test:  two-tuple view for zen protected .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  identity fnc .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  returns   utf-8
truth:  returns   argument

test:  send e-mail when a review review is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  resolve an import spec to a function .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a string into a list of .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   define
truth:  encode   path

test:  zoom in multi by a single image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  zoom   pulls
truth:  zoom   null

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   restoring
truth:  set   data

test:  if request fails .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  retrieves a post changes made by a user .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  returns a datastore type given a record .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  this function ensures that a reference of a reference .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the image color is different at least one of the matrix .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  label for api .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  add   inhibit
truth:  add   label

test:  compact is the dict of c{obj}s constructor .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  load the specified scores from a directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload the followers .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  pulls   process_memory_map
truth:  pulls   buffers

test:  return the first item in a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  tests that the random state when creating a random state .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   currents
truth:  test   state

test:  return a list of fully-qualified package data files .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  return the description from the provider .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   execute
truth:  return   region

test:  load little-endian 32-bit integer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   standardizes
truth:  load   byte

test:  compute a full query for a given compute function .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   stopped
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   labeled
truth:  moves   file

test:  detects movie in a movie file .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  run   knapsack
truth:  run   request

test:  utility for points at [index] .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  executes   reported
truth:  executes   function

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  unsubscribe from a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  stop   target_expressing
truth:  stop   question

test:  set the sql connection for the given database cli example: .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  find   allocate
truth:  find   user

test:  restart all nodes in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   prettify
truth:  restart   process

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   wants
truth:  read   parts

test:  helper function for subcommands .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  is   files
truth:  is   check

test:  commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  call the function over a specific updated over the passed in .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  avoid saving multiple sequences of a sequence .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  ensure that the permissions of node and remove permissions are not in the datastore .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   controls
truth:  ensure   ids

test:  checks admin access the admin access the admin site .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  tests   generate
truth:  tests   users

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  takes a string and returns a datetime object that can be used to break a timezone representation .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  compute adjacency path .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  the scenario result has the steps passed .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  convert central options to collection collection .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  get   offset
truth:  get   parameters

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  converts a version string to a tuple .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  convert roman numeral to integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return the autocorrelation of gaussian .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  instruct the restful crud callback for the given event .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  receives   pulls
truth:  receives   null

test:  convert a host of binary form to its binary representation .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  convert   preloading
truth:  convert   host

test:  utility function to run a command and return a errors error if an error is given .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  return   modifies
truth:  return   cmd

test:  mark a test as registered .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetch   switch
truth:  fetch   list

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   enroll
truth:  makes   iterator

test:  see docs for the specified command .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  begin a new project .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   forgot
truth:  add   project

test:  run the py .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  return get equation with only the original spherical .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  replace the convert module name to a fully-qualified package .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   accepting
truth:  convert   e

test:  put the contract file and registers the files specified in the contract .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   sleep
truth:  update   files

test:  return sass sass sass dependencies and vms sass the system .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   stats
truth:  return   dirs

test:  iterates through the lines in the line output and remove any line .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  loads route path and returns the page .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns the current secret from the given secret key as a key .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  computes   listen
truth:  computes   key

test:  formats otu map file into a sparse map .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  this page processes and saves edits to an editable os installation file .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  is   bring
truth:  is   page

test:  return a list of current thumbnails for a file dialog .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  import a dotted dotted path path from a dotted module path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  takes   define
truth:  takes   path

test:  return the crc-32c mean of data .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  install a capability args: source : the path to the capability .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   protects
truth:  install   args

test:  flip an image vertically .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   forwards
truth:  flip   image

test:  add to the tag dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  return base lun name for given volume .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  search for all imap4 files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   flip
truth:  search   python

test:  install a package as the default twisted reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  schedule   signs
truth:  schedule   display

test:  helper method to determine whether the request has been configured for the given location .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  obtains   prompt
truth:  obtains   locator

test:  return true if the given header is in the header .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  return disk usage of a namedtuple .
truth: given a path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a list of all containers in the minion datastore .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to a numpy matrix .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   integrating
truth:  convert   scipy

test:  builds the clonespec clonespec spec .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  returns   simulate
truth:  returns   spec

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display the carving of a gcode file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  unclean cached attributes from provider patch .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   supports
truth:  detects   text

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  attempts to parse the descendant matrix for descendant -xml .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  solves   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  solves   problem

test:  returns the number of module keys in an integer .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  fetch   sparks
truth:  fetch   number

test:  fixture providing a win and 0 .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  fixture   routing
truth:  fixture   registry

test:  find all objs that match the given object c{obj} .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  query   managed
truth:  query   bokeh

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  removes   aligns
truth:  removes   volume

test:  does nothing .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  download a map from a local url .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  is   spawns
truth:  is   endpoint

test:  returns the path to the built-in photo .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  function   labeled
truth:  function   file

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   sluggified
truth:  return   center

test:  assign a mongodb .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  adds a topojson variable with the specified shape and report 1 .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  prints the total metadata of a specific sample .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  average true range .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  flow   regressiont
truth:  flow   index

test:  return a dict of files .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   pulls
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture to return a context variable which provides a fakewebtab .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  pulls   resize
truth:  pulls   tls

test:  allow splitting arguments to be a type .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  given a dataset .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   reallocation
truth:  split   collection

test:  retrieve all defined networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   preprocess
truth:  return   networks

test:  return true if url is a link .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  flatten a list of lists into chunks of nested tuples .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  takes   constant_expression_opt
truth:  takes   iterables

test:  setup the pylitejet component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  initialize   msg
truth:  initialize   component

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  rename   aliased
truth:  rename   json

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   small_stmts
truth:  scan   line

test:  test epoch hashing .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   specifies
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday -- reshape of the first two propositional -- i .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  counts all of the boolean values .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  tie   invoked
truth:  tie   factor

test:  scan the status of a certain task .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  returns   demos
truth:  returns   scan

test:  main entry point to create the client .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   simulating
truth:  text   input

test:  returns: the absolute version of a path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  create an identity hash for the tenant type .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   regressiont
truth:  compute   index

test:  convenience function to create timer object and call timer method .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   avoid
truth:  function   timer

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  vanilla test of collecting .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  compare two objects .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compares   exposes
truth:  compares   values

test:  return the configuration directory .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  obtain   encapsulate
truth:  obtain   instance

test:  retrieve system state info .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  determine   loads
truth:  determine   changes

test:  apply function .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  apply   enhance
truth:  apply   items

test:  parse an iterable of mark .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  create a fqdn string from a csv file and returns a tuple of .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  given   flow
truth:  given   fields

test:  for the display title in asset_images .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  displays   publish
truth:  displays   graph

test:  check to see if a group auth group exists .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  has   allocate
truth:  has   user

test:  manage the snmp traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   format_alignment
truth:  manage   authentication

test:  returns sample sample ids to be used in sample .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   bounds
truth:  make   table

test:  parses compatible workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  displays   pulls
truth:  displays   null

test:  parses a class and returns the class for the soap enveloped .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  return a installed image information to a particular image .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  return the priority of the settings for the given settings .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the natural logarithm of a cubehelix function .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  test the effect of a set of fancyarrow dpi .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns all of the node configured on user projects .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  filter   seek
truth:  filter   subscriptions

test:  create a public stream .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  spawn   takes
truth:  spawn   stream

test:  web server .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  pulls   chop
truth:  pulls   owner

test:  add a password to the htpasswd command .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  verifies that the x along an axis of indices .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  check   interfacing
truth:  check   axes

test:  kill all of the jobs which are loaded .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  this page is used to load the response from the environment .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  wait for a function to become a tagname .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  fire   rescales
truth:  fire   event

test:  returns the first tokens for a given width .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  pulls   stop
truth:  pulls   dots

test:  return true if there are any of the resources in the cpu .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  check   switch
truth:  check   list

test:  returns the average loss of cross-entropy per inputs .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  weighted   negotiate
truth:  weighted   loss

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  determine if a module is an instance of a collection .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a convenience function that can be used as a dict .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  evaluates   shared
truth:  evaluates   string

test:  get and add an indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  deletes items from the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  deletes   enhance
truth:  deletes   items

test:  creates transformations element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  handles a single rule for the rule arguments: name rule : the rule to be created .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dict for the hexadecimal representation of a particular type .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  return true if the given stream is a valid json .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  translates a failure for logging exceptions .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  patch an object .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  deprecated   dumping
truth:  deprecated   patch

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  pulls   int
truth:  pulls   match

test:  helper function to retrieve http proxy settings from an http request object .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  invalidates hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes hashes file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   orthoganlize
truth:  invalidates   hash

test:  update the glance metadata from a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  create an array from a single numpy array .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  generates and stores a collection type in tests .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  compute the zero loss toggle toggle toggle under the zero mean .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  validates configurations key .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  helper function to get a function for a function .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  extract   format
truth:  extract   parameter

test:  gets the current row from the database .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  add an in-memory token to the google blob .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  stores   iterate
truth:  stores   auth

test:  return list of all file names in segment_info format .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  returns   created
truth:  returns   mode

test:  parse the response for a dummyrequest request .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  given   install
truth:  given   response

test:  create a text block from a text .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check if the individual match is a valid match .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  compute the description of a file .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  yield pairs of the canonical names that should be looked in attributes .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a hybi-07 pattern to multiple source format .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  converts   canonicalized
truth:  converts   posix

test:  make sure expressions can produce symbols .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   associate
truth:  make   expressions

test:  create a figure and a grid of axes .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  pulls   pull
truth:  pulls   one

test:  load information from v2 to v2 playlist .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  return the name of a resource name .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  return filename .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  append "%s"\n' to lua .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  prepend   emits
truth:  prepend   definition

test:  get the static xyz specification of a xyz observer .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  get   launch
truth:  get   coordinates

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a list of all targets in the provided targets .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   insert
truth:  returns   targets

test:  execute action on the cloud provider cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   decrease
truth:  execute   action

test:  gets the number of projects from stable .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  function to return a cpu cpu usage .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a 64-bit array of ipv6 addresses .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified permission on the provied permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry into an iterator .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  return old license titles .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  quote an argument for use in urls .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  delete a container .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   files
truth:  delete   check

test:  checks gle .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate a table in the given table .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  function   insure
truth:  function   dataframe

test:  tests for bar attribute .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload user library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  return an instance of the id for the domain .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  sets the current process name .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  recursive helper function for :func:dmp_degree_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   port
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of longer-running jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  test   request
truth:  test   control

test:  authentication to a custom request to custom url .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the sympy tensor of each row .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  create docker path from docker-compose .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   raising
truth:  create   docker

test:  fixture to mock the cache .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  reset   -
truth:  reset   mocks

test:  searches for a given file is located in the directory tree .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  returns true if the given cifar-10 is a release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  when this test is run .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  uses   induce
truth:  uses   testing

test:  create new folder in pip .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  estimate the tukey for each sample of the cong .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  vectorized   pulls
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  instantiate a resource type from a function/callable .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  return   stops
truth:  return   topic

test:  return true if source points are inside a inside a source .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  aux function of generalizationacrosstime .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  pulls   store
truth:  pulls   memory

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  writeestr file debug option .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  asserts that a dict is of the data .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  asserts   svn
truth:  asserts   dicts

test:  returns polynomial norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  iterate over the corpus of a path .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  yields   compares
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   center
truth:  get   ec2

test:  unregister an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  register   initialized
truth:  register   notification

test:  list all users within the organization .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  return an absolute absolute link from the href .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  make   saves
truth:  make   links

test:  return a dict of the form of a composites .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  call a function or framework .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  convert a part into a numeric .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  returns   part

test:  exception an exception object .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  dumps   shed
truth:  dumps   exception

test:  return the linux linux bin .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   supports
truth:  decrypts   text

test:  sample from channel .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  configure the reactor to be run in an echo reactor .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  start   popen
truth:  start   reactor

test:  visit some segment information at the given node .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  class decorator for enum canvas .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read a resource file .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  setup logging for scrapy .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  writes the given whitespace characters from plain text .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  computes the normalized dictionary for weights .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  updates a update system cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sends a notification on a topic without waiting for a response .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  sends   rescales
truth:  sends   event

test:  creates a new triggerdb type db for the db given trigger_type definition db dict .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  convert a file name to a native module name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  get the converted di partitions .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if a database can be converted to a python dependency .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  determine   dotted
truth:  determine   relationship

test:  this from the generated dir .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  display   sleep
truth:  display   files

test:  performs a get request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  create a mock .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  asserts that the listall and index-yyyymmddhhmmss are in the given index .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  grab the current '< .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  show   embedded
truth:  show   example

test:  check to see if the device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  submit barcodes .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submits   lstrip
truth:  submits   set

test:  deserialize blobs from extra_context into area .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  retrieves   responds
truth:  retrieves   database

test:  returns the value corresponding to a instance label .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  retrieves a service configuration for the specified api configuration .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  creates   shortens
truth:  creates   classes

test:  return a human-readable .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  pulls   parameter_type_list_opt
truth:  pulls   decorators

test:  handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a field .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  handle   compounded
truth:  handle   gcd

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  take   labeled
truth:  take   file

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  vectorized version of the bits .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  transposes   looking
truth:  transposes   operator

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  save default values to defaults .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  fetch an image from all members .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  continuous polynomials represented with .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  see   overlay
truth:  see   func

test:  marks a value as satisfying a numeric type constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  return   constrain
truth:  return   attribute

test:  load the failure from the given module .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  convert   represent
truth:  convert   failure

test:  does basic token to load a remote server .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return the deprecate and copytobuffer function .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  decorator which exempts the function from serialized .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  open an encoded file in a given mode .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  returns a tuple from the wsgi environment .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  instantiate a server connect server for the specified host and port .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  provides   located
truth:  provides   method

test:  get the windows dependencies from the ctypes .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   windows

test:  runs nagios plugin and return all available plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  run   interpolated
truth:  run   plugins

test:  expands absolute paths as an absolute system-specific format .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  expand   hanging
truth:  expand   variables

test:  returns the discussion category of the discussion category .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  generate some information .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  returns a dict mapping prefix to all object info on the provided ref .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  make   executed
truth:  make   dictionary

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   r^2
truth:  returns   form

test:  call this echo or override of text in an object .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  outputs   pulls
truth:  outputs   null

test:  read raw data for a fif file .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a callback to a bootstrap variable .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  register   loads
truth:  register   changes

test:  return a list of directories like system .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  return the default currency .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  use   pending
truth:  use   default

test:  return the status of a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  close all and fire events .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  callback   discover
truth:  callback   closing

test:  return the status of a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  try to retrieve a list of inputs .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  connect   signs
truth:  connect   display

test:  cycle inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object copy: true will enable the inherited aces to create inheritance : the object
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  just like explode .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  decorator for apiview .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  when a docinfo error .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  inspect   post_save
truth:  inspect   metadata

test:  generate a list of pool with the includes .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  mutable on an object which kind of the same interface .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  for verifying password change to password email address .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   equalize
truth:  queues   email

test:  parse a blobinfo .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   bump
truth:  parse   definitions

test:  assert that the gp_generation parameters outputs a quick function .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  serve requests .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the filename of all buckets and put it in the bucket .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  multiply the character of a matrix .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  multiply   tell
truth:  multiply   signature

test:  async version of create_upload_url() .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  create   escaped
truth:  create   post

test:  creates a directory for the given path exists .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  ensures   define
truth:  ensures   path

test:  will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits sucessfully .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   childnodes
truth:  update   timestamp

test:  copy descriptor to a descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   killed
truth:  adds   network

test:  pick a task status .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   inverts
truth:  update   statuses

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  return the negative value of a 1d distribution .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  strict test for dumb lucas parameters data: : bool the selfridge in which are of the selfridge lucas compositeness compositeness : bool the selfridge timeseries .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return true if the desktop is running in this desktop .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  detect   pulls
truth:  detect   null

test:  create url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  efficiently compute the points .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   flattening
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  look up a specific resources file on the minion cli example: .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  search   unquoting
truth:  search   environment

test:  return the contents of the given url .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  generate   wants
truth:  generate   parts

test:  finder a storage .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  give a list of page where the user can get the or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   outputs
truth:  give   pages

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  sets the data-structure for the current time .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  ensure that the current handler is an exploration .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add a list of encrypt ids to the named tuple .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  add   handle
truth:  add   features

test:  test that the file cannot be instantiated .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gettempdirb program .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  bytes   extract
truth:  bytes   version

test:  create a paste pipeline based on the auth_strategy config option .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   launching
truth:  paste   pipeline

test:  test %%prun with ipython syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  pulls   making
truth:  pulls   float

test:  write a value to a gpio output .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   bench
truth:  write   value

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  pulls   hold
truth:  pulls   oserror

test:  change foo: code of field .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  test all doesnt have an invalid timer .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  test   skips
truth:  test   connections

test:  load a data file from a list of urls .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  returns true if the given file is a valid gzip .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the y intersection inside the x segment if it is within the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  notifies the fab .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  generate the template key for the current request .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  return webapp app the webapp app the webapp app : url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  return a dictionary containing all visible distributions in the namespace .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  gets the number of env from a user .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get mac address of name from the given response data .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parse   scheduled
truth:  parse   hub

test:  create an absolute contents of a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  decorator to create properties .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  calculate and return a pair of pairs .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return true if val is a number .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dict of {field_index: } .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the ostypes for the given ostypes .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   autoreleased
truth:  list   types

test:  checks if a condition is an xri .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   dictionary
truth:  check   condition

test:  add or remove loop without intersections .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes the first errors method .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  given   rectify
truth:  given   parser

test:  returns true if the service is running on the server cli example: .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  detects   batch
truth:  detects   code

test:  parses a single log entry emitted by database .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   inform
truth:  parses   entry

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  always predict .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  lt polynomials of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  flag an argument argument .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  attach response .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  attach   defines
truth:  attach   attributes

test:  return the gzip file with data .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  return from a list of volume info .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  time scaling of the scaling of a sound stocenv: stocenv: hps scaling timescaling: scaling factors .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  reads and reads and returns a list of buckets .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  js/css structure structure .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  merge a dict .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  remove a task for the given project .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   polishing
truth:  removes   celery

test:  since all tokens by the reference proto .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  tear   identifies
truth:  tear   plugin

test:  get an inner node with the given node .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  read a file in a list of pairs .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  returns the chordal graph of a chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  remove a makeopts variable return value in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  returns the tensorflow expression of cross-entropy of two distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  computes   feed
truth:  computes   entropy

test:  returns the load_mappings matrix from a matrix .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  multiply   looking
truth:  multiply   operator

test:  helper function to get a validating file name from a file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  retrieve   batch
truth:  retrieve   code

test:  context manager for crypto errors .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   ssl
truth:  context   errors

test:  convert a zero indexed cell reference to a a1 cell references .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  reset git control character .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  resets   authenticates
truth:  resets   working

test:  dipole potential potential sample of a potential rotation matrix .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  pulls   partitioning
truth:  pulls   v

test:  test intl .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find a matching field name matching query .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  finds   flattening
truth:  finds   field

test:  return the common returns: data value of the passed data .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  returns   mutate
truth:  returns   column

test:  format a phone number for the given format .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  convert a numpy array to a serialized array .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  returns the configuration of the rpm config .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  pulls   loads
truth:  pulls   changes

test:  ensure that a site is made by a default site .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  configure   cut
truth:  configure   tab

test:  get the current idle delay .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  return   directed
truth:  return   delay

test:  swaps the number of perticular items between two individuals .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  apply   colored
truth:  apply   operation

test:  return a list of all the items of the given router .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  calculate   supports
truth:  calculate   text

test:  return the inverse of the definite function .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  function that returns true if the python shell is an ipython shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  is   encapsulate
truth:  is   instance

test:  extract text content .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  extract   preload
truth:  extract   content

test:  task time slot time page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  stop   mount
truth:  stop   task

test:  do the subset of a subset of certificate .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  add hsv of an image .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  use the rest api to encrypt the given request key .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  generates   standardizes
truth:  generates   byte

test:  create an rpc for use in configuring account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  check if a user is edit or if a edit setting .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return a fully qualified year for the given year .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  build   sanitizes
truth:  build   regex

test:  test the update geometry .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  ensure   gzipped
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  opens a call to the target api and passes it .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse a c list of tokens into token and return the tokens of the tokens .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   obfuscate
truth:  parse   tokens

test:  softmax of a t t .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  recursive helper for comparison .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  does   relies
truth:  does   logic

test:  returns product of a sympy matrix .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sequential network .
truth: two branches . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a configuration file and return a configuration object .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return method .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  calculates the geometric mean along the specified axis .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  subtract the local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   categorize
truth:  return   read

test:  convert a programmatic .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   collects
truth:  parses   count

test:  leap year or iri iri for geojson[p] .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  return   cie
truth:  return   predicate

test:  load manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  update   inputhook
truth:  update   sys

test:  render a inlines value to a template .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  renders   escaped
truth:  renders   post

test:  list all the available state modules in an environment .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  change the group of the group and group .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  test   reviewing
truth:  test   num

test:  get information on the uri .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns true if the provided window needs to be a renewal backend .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  gets a test dataset .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   debugging
truth:  gets   dataset

test:  return a networkx graph the graph g .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  raise assertionerror if f contains a function .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  determine   drops
truth:  determine   call

test:  return the number of intelligently of n .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  like unicode .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  ensure   utf-8
truth:  ensure   argument

test:  test drawing circles without transform using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   vcs
truth:  test   reactive

test:  list masquerade bound for a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  read and return the contents of a file .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  recursively construct a dotted field of a document .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  normalizes   flow
truth:  normalizes   fields

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  flatten a dictionary of pairs that potentially contains only one subscription .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  flatten   solve
truth:  flatten   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  turn interactive mode off .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  turn   created
truth:  turn   mode

test:  internal parsing function for indexing .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  excluding bool .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   deployed
truth:  test   symbols

test:  helper that returns a valid subjects interpolation of a subjects subject .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  assemble   repeat
truth:  assemble   scaling

test:  create a mine of graphs jacket .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  get the power-on color given a small sum .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  delete an elasticsearch test .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  delete   filtered
truth:  delete   marker

test:  calculates the knn of a vector .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   cover
truth:  calculate   weight

test:  list the packages that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  parse a stochastic extension of a dense class .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   looking
truth:  parse   operator

test:  construct a torrent folder to the given directory .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  copy   crop
truth:  copy   directory

test:  return a encode string which is the encodestring table of all pairs in a encodestring .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask a user in python question .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  return square-free decomposition of f in k[x] .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  generate random slices for a single dimension .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  generate   sympy
truth:  generate   slice

test:  get the http context for the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return server info cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  retrieve a pem string based on the given at(1) and the given pem .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  encode   small_stmts
truth:  encode   line

test:  gets string for the current value in the form .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  execute a command .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  run   disconnecting
truth:  run   sudo

test:  asserts that float mail mail .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  adds a list of all the servers assigned to a given suffix .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  removes a coerce url from a given url .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  write the log file to disk log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  computes polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   reveal
truth:  pulls   sequence

test:  print an item at the product of a product .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  displays   urlencode
truth:  displays   item

test:  gets current time in epoch .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  given   support
truth:  given   time

test:  check if we want to skip this module .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  dragonfly doji .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  modified   printed
truth:  modified   pattern

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   lets
truth:  select   handler

test:  another wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  multiply a polynomial a polynomial f and g .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  convert string to a list of numbers in order to a clean .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  generate   sums
truth:  generate   expression

test:  computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  get root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  restful controller for organisation types .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  tries to wait for an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   equalize
truth:  load   email

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   randomise
truth:  sending   message

test:  return the virtual memory for win32 .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  create a list of bytes representing the given stream .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  build   parameter_list
truth:  build   formatter

test:  insert new pipeline elements into the /comments pipeline .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  returns the tag for the kind @todo: deprecate .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  shorten a line of tokens into multi-line new line .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  separate   looking
truth:  separate   operator

test:  helper function to generate the response headers .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  redirects   access
truth:  redirects   url

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  loads a class by the class and returns the class .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return the pub connection to connect to .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  returns true if the last block of block blocks .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  define a new nothing .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   caused
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a new ticket cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  submit a recaptcha challenge to the recaptcha error .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  forces an integer to become an array of parameter .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  allows   offset
truth:  allows   parameters

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  summarize   simplifying
truth:  summarize   range

test:  gets all notes of the notes .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  find   show
truth:  find   notes

test:  return all global-level defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  this function is still used by greater than the context of the current context .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the itunes sensor platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  given a string and no effect .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  computes   ban
truth:  computes   probability

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read the input time_str as input and port .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  with verbosity with background scenarios .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  running   assume
truth:  running   header

test:  get server groups .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  gets   decide
truth:  gets   groups

test:  returns true if g is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   translated
truth:  returns   g

test:  fetch the icon for a given icon .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  take   attempt
truth:  take   extension

test:  iterate over a stream of a stream .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  stream   enhanced
truth:  stream   object

test:  remove all courses actions from the course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  removes   prettify
truth:  removes   process

test:  returns a url for a github external url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  bounce   access
truth:  bounce   url

test:  gets the template string with the given obj and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  try to import and return supervisord .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  create   fail
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  returns the docker client for a cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  open   unload
truth:  open   client

test:  parse an address from a c .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  given   press
truth:  given   hostname

test:  given an email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  determine   equalize
truth:  determine   email

test:  loads a certificate from amazon amazon amazon instance .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   detect
truth:  create   positions

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  method to encode streams using a jbig2 technique based on the jpeg standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  if the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  removes a widget from the widget .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  return a generator for the csv file .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  get the value of a host .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  returns the score values from the specified block .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  it can run only the specified current server .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   lambda
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   enhance
truth:  iterates   items

test:  decorator to skip test if condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  reverse   pickles
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove reserved items and its derivatives .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  load a new instance of the local existing data and side-effects .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  helper method to create contents to set the file contents .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  registers an image function .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  computes a and then for each component of a tensor .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  pulls   targeting
truth:  pulls   backends

test:  find all the common paths in the paths .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  retrieves the virtual machine template from the provided virtual machine template .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  instantiates   stderr
truth:  instantiates   machine

test:  determine if the loops of the loops is less than the loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  convert a string to a valid filename .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  get unexpected instance requests to spot instance requests .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  builds a dictionary representation of mute for the given user .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  list   allocate
truth:  list   user

test:  get the current idle setting in the candidate database cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   mimics
truth:  get   activation

test:  get the rows of a function .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  return   crack
truth:  return   _

test:  return a triple that can be used to process the streamreader .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  were   suspend
truth:  were   closure

test:  return the output index page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  rule : rule lt newline | rule | rule | rule gt rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate nodes in a graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   concatenates
truth:  generate   ordering

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  run the api addons .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return a list of all available ports cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  commits a files .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clones   commit
truth:  clones   repository

test:  this is a shorthand for the named package .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  manage   knapsack
truth:  manage   request

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper function for computing bounds .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  forces a unicode string to return it as a unicode string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  try   supports
truth:  try   text

test:  method to identify the git .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  check   prioritized
truth:  check   messages

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  formats an ipv4 facts to show only the number of facts .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  tries to check the two files .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the gaussian .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   express
truth:  computes   -

test:  allow access of the course course to staff .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  check   delayed
truth:  check   ipv6

test:  turn a slash slash into an array of shape with the precision .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns a list of the content of a user is in for the specified user .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the node is a function in it .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  checks   looping
truth:  checks   node

test:  git backend should be able to install from sha names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  git   fold
truth:  git   backend

test:  authenticate using the http client .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return the dominating edge set to a dominating edge .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   pack
truth:  return   edge

test:  return whether the keys in the list of links matching the specified matches the argument .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  implements the mosaic for each image in w .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  make   indicating
truth:  make   images

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  turn any run of the string to an ascii string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return a list of installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  build a url for a specific requirements .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  allows no tokens to return a token that may be used as .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  pulls   alteration
truth:  pulls   lambda

test:  test classification report with digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  returns the list of files in the given file f .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  retain media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  return true if a page is a page with the given header level html url .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  modify an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  create profile .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  adds   generate
truth:  adds   users

test:  loop function to verify elected scores .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  tests   centers
truth:  tests   labels

test:  get acceptable .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  save a list to the changes in the database sublime sublime if possible .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  build a scipy .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  convert a row from a response to a dictionary .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  test must be size in the tree .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  pulls   retrieved
truth:  pulls   iteration

test:  cast a cython double complex to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  adds a route table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  replaces   bounds
truth:  replaces   table

test:  outputs item from the environment variable in the database .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a list of rabbitmq via rabbitmqctl list_user_permissions cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  return   enables
truth:  return   vhost

test:  a wrapper around oslos trycmd() method .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  gets changed requirements and executing the path .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  checks   loads
truth:  checks   changes

test:  calculate and save the latest visitors date .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  test   target_expressing
truth:  test   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  load the configuration from the current session .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  executes   solve
truth:  executes   settings

test:  searches setuptools .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs range type correctly handles basic values .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   teardown
truth:  tests   type

test:  load a batch of dictionary .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  pulls   injects
truth:  pulls   utility

test:  parse a pem-format key .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   importing
truth:  parse   pem

test:  output the database to show broken from a list of packets .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  make   present
truth:  make   role

test:  download latest artifacts .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   forced
truth:  download   artifacts

test:  decorator that synchronizes a method of a task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  behaves   checkout
truth:  behaves   way

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  concatenate elements forming .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  join   increase
truth:  join   nodes

test:  return a string containing the time timeval .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  makes a save request to the tidy_content .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  wraps a wsgi application .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  check if a vm is linux ip from the vm .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  vms   squared
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity for nodes u and v .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  returns   expanding
truth:  returns   connectivity

test:  initialize a new api .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a dict of a single support for the given terminal support .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  a block of two new projects .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  debugging view .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  updates   remove
truth:  updates   history

test:  acquiring the httprequest module .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics about the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  remove duplicate errors from duplicates .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  filter   ssl
truth:  filter   errors

test:  the inverse should not crash on 0/0 .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  return a dict containing information on all xfs .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  return information about all enabled 'experiment .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a new shared variable .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  creates   transliterate
truth:  creates   variable

test:  return a symbolic 3-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add x output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  reboot a network device .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   grouping
truth:  reboot   system

test:  url endpoint for the studio - running in the course .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  just full database cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  shows   shutdown
truth:  shows   tables

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   del
truth:  raft   gcode

test:  returns a path to the python build file .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  returns a serialize object of the current queryset .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  function   widen
truth:  function   frontend

test:  returns true if the node is a bracketregion from node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   min_dist
truth:  add   collar

test:  znc of a univariate polynomial of cyclic and q .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  generalized correlation model:: theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  generalized   pushing
truth:  generalized   model

test:  send non-maskable information for a vm vm : string vm to be 64 type of new screenshot vm : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm information : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  lookup   populating
truth:  lookup   info

test:  creates a new workflow .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  splits   define
truth:  splits   path

test:  parses a set union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   skip
truth:  parses   difference

test:  returns a humanized request .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  parse and return a list of keywords as a dictionary of python files .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  finds the closest matches to the provided monocular matches .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  get   detect
truth:  get   positions

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  unescape   flashes
truth:  unescape   characters

test:  returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  check whether the folder exists inside the folder containing the given folder .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  check   suggest
truth:  check   folder

test:  quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains blanks in indented .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  this decorator converts a caller function into a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   reported
truth:  converts   function

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  run a patch .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  test that all ways removes present .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  pull now .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  be   rebuilds
truth:  be   scheduler

test:  returns an certificate for a certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get ancestor random parents from input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  returns a release date for the specified reset state .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password exists .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensures   terminate
truth:  ensures   password

test:  returns a sample path from a sample path .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  sample   algorithm
truth:  sample   points

test:  delete the configuration object .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  t-ev statistic for the hr of a function .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  model   pulls
truth:  model   null

test:  test for get word from c file syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  upgrade all packages via opkg upgrade returns a dictionary containing the changes: .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  close connection .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  clears   mark
truth:  clears   contexts

test:  test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 302 status code .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns pairs with only those valid units .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  write the git version of the named package .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  create an var with nudge box .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  produces   pulls
truth:  produces   null

test:  return a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a layer of fields for a user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  starting   lambda
truth:  starting   django

test:  computes the multivariate cauchy estimator for the multivariate gaussian fit .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  generates   contructs
truth:  generates   sample

test:  verifies only certificates for students cases in the course .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  returns   saml_artifact
truth:  returns   students

test:  converts obj to its proper sql version .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  decode a valid python list into a valid python list .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a metadef property object .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   were
truth:  get   property

test:  validates maxstalenessseconds according to value .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  returns a row for a row .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  pulls   domain
truth:  pulls   fetch

test:  retrieve a temporary blob from the blob_key .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  template   solve
truth:  template   settings

test:  calculate the truncated sum of an array x .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   switch
truth:  calculate   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  evaluate   sums
truth:  evaluate   expression

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   pulls
truth:  pack   null

test:  set discussions and configure cohorts for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group snapshot .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  commit commit amplitudes .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  commit   loads
truth:  commit   changes

test:  extract messages from a collection of json values .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  load a csv file .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  return a string consisting of the provided binary .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  load the dictionary mapping word indices back into words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   carve
truth:  retrieves   word

test:  test group size of errors .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  errors   ssl
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test the answer .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  makes an object by getting or .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  pickle   pulls
truth:  pickle   null

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   algorithm
truth:  transform   points

test:  make a sequential trans .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   combine
truth:  make   transformation

test:  give nickserver enough time .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a create_payloads of a list of tokens or :class:multidigraph .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  atom   disable
truth:  atom   |

test:  ensure that the parent directory for .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  creates a new css gradient with the given base gradient .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   multiprocessing
truth:  create   css

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  returns form data for post .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  that the stdin loop of the stdin loop .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   forget
truth:  return   inverse

test:  gets the user info from the profile .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  bitsource how many points fall within the unit circle .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  produce   algorithm
truth:  produce   points

test:  simple test for a bug that caused nothing nothing .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   bench
truth:  forces   value

test:  convert a list of slices into a single block .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  converts   divides
truth:  converts   matrices

test:  calculate md5 hash of the string .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  using   communicate
truth:  using   md5

test:  decorator which causes a exceptions thrown .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  get a dict of oscar locales that are in the locale and their locales .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   talking
truth:  get   dict

test:  ireport basins restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  transpose a 1d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   described
truth:  applies   convolution

test:  returns a dict with plugins that have been plugins .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  get   interpolated
truth:  get   plugins

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  move to specific position tilt .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  compute a r-style direction from the img font .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write amf message to a stream .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  make a request map for all tests .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  source: android mobile .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  recursively reorder a series entry from the reflecting .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  pulls   unescaped
truth:  pulls   entries

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  check if the key exists in the gpg file for the given gpg .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  returns an element of f .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   uncheck
truth:  subtract   element

test:  generate a random query in format .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  select   enhance
truth:  select   items

test:  load the original mnist tests .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  return the spectral ordering of a connected network .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  update a given vote on thing for a given user .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  store   wheter
truth:  store   existence

test:  decorator for checking admin administrator access before executing an http endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs an interactive python shell in our context .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   generating
truth:  runs   shell

test:  format the mask of :func:pyramid .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  load data in admin folder .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  read   suggest
truth:  read   folder

test:  returns the path of the template directory of a template .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  calculate the log likelihood corresponding to a given test .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   restoring
truth:  list   data

test:  check version of bokeh .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  srensendice test objective function .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  mutate   masking
truth:  mutate   strategy

test:  this considering the tool shed machine .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  return true if the data contains a binary string .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  detects   shared
truth:  detects   string

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   tear
truth:  logs   module

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test the compatibility of columns for np .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  bessel total log of bessel function .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  this view shows the list of users to generate user .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  list   retrive
truth:  list   checks

test:  extract a pair from a course and extract it .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  extract   catch
truth:  extract   course

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if a number is a valid number in a region .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  determine   sparks
truth:  determine   number

test:  here you cant mergetreejinja .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  merge   crop
truth:  merge   directory

test:  example of code .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  creates the handler handler for the given handler .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  joins each element of x .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   compile
truth:  decide   documentation

test:  a function to be used in db .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  apply the default activity root for the given stable case .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  determine   rising
truth:  determine   group

test:  computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  resultant   suppose
truth:  resultant   algorithm

test:  expression : expression + expression | expression + expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  given a playlist string .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   flattens
truth:  format   output

test:  fail unless the specified value contains the specified credential .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  enqueue function to be used when a function is raised .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  yield all items in an seq .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a base64 encoded password from the ldap byte string .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  caching a function with an argument .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  raise an error message from a given error .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  performs the vigenere cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   sends
truth:  performs   encryption

test:  add instance_system_metadata info to the cluster .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   stores
truth:  add   name

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  convert the network statistics into a network interface .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  saves a file to disk .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  imports   restoring
truth:  imports   data

test:  a simple test of the module: of the matrix .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  autogenerated   pulls
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  recompose a vector of interquartile .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  insert   divides
truth:  insert   matrices

test:  processes all python files under path .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  loads   authenticated
truth:  loads   everything

test:  this method is treated to use the modules when setting is passed .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  retrieve the db api from the database or return it as a w2p .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  reshapes an input variable without copy .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   providing
truth:  reshapes   tensor

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   disconnects
truth:  find   dir

test:  agent edit .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : list field_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of all the addresses from a given tree .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  takes   safe_octal
truth:  takes   class

test:  return a list of salt://<formula>/defaults .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  adds a spelling in a set of spelling strings .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  adds   sleep
truth:  adds   files

test:  regression test for an class .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  add two dicts .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   backup
truth:  add   properties

test:  called when the editor loads contents .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  class decorator for memoizing handlers .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  return a permission list with the current user .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   crack
truth:  parse   _

test:  shows an entire hint of the graph .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get tox environment overrides to use for writing vm named .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  get the text of the request .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  creates   expect
truth:  creates   body

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  return a network api object .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   chisquare
truth:  returns   tuples

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  returns current date .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test mapnode .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return a dictionary of the default backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  get   fold
truth:  get   backend

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  redirect to a sql server .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  enter   pulls
truth:  enter   null

test:  update statements in the config file .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   scours
truth:  update   family

test:  returns if were running from a debug version of bokeh .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  test to ensure the table round a cube table .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  simple dedent formatter that also strips text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   supports
truth:  dedent   text

test:  dump a list of networks .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   killed
truth:  dump   network

test:  returns {status 0/1 .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  return a list of unique elements in l .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  check   exposes
truth:  check   values

test:  return true if the lines in the split line is in the split line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   del
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android odex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   roundrobin
truth:  analyze   application

test:  return albuminfo information for maxwidth .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   recommended
truth:  fetch   art

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  hyperbolic cosecant function .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  task used to send inbound message through router phases .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  retrieve   compress
truth:  retrieve   db

test:  compute the trimmed sample standard deviation this function finds the sample standard deviation of given values .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  create a dict containing only keys of the longest value .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   blur
truth:  returns   ordereddict

test:  gets the rdm disk disk devices .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  gets   listen
truth:  gets   key

test:  returns a dict with the current configuration values converted to a specific session .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  factor univariate cyclotomic cyclotomic in k[x] .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  print a host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  perform   decrease
truth:  perform   action

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   bounds
truth:  fill   table

test:  determine whether the user specified by the lti launch has an lti on the specified lti .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  returns a function that given a sequence of arguments .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  replace expressions exactly .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  change   unescaped
truth:  change   entries

test:  verify that the users cli example: .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  list all profile profiles .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  simple helper function that returns ipv4 address .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  apply batch normalization on inputs .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks that a remote local is available .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  gets effective router or a backend for use when creating a new one .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  validate and decode an ascii string .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  make a new dbus instance with the given settings .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  returns   crack
truth:  returns   _

test:  a demonstration of code body .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  run pyenv against a specific python version .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return an obj which can be used for mysql objects .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parse a date string into a locale for consumption .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  horizontal laplace a laplace array of all zeros .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  parse the expected tokens or a list of tokens .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  send usage notifications to queue .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  load a template into the template for a source file .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  assign event handler to device .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  get integer in order to sort an integer .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   dereference
truth:  return   width

test:  turn a bash bash shell into a bash shell .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  escape   learn
truth:  escape   quotes

test:  given a timezone aware datetime or an instance of datetime .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return a cacheable url for a gravatar email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  gets   coefficients
truth:  gets   gravatar

test:  mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  event handlers can be an event handler .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert hex hex to its hexadecimal representation .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  formats   gauss
truth:  formats   strings

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  import last script .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   refresh
truth:  import   scripts

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  checks _make_increasing_ohlc() a header errors against the themed errors in the locale .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   stubbed
truth:  checks   headers

test:  use bond5 to verify the zoneinfo-based variables .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a function .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   fonts
truth:  get   layer

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that have been decorated to skip because of a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  initialize the style stream for a given stream .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  convert a python name into the prefix .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  converts   flattening
truth:  converts   field

test:  return the url for an existing public file .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ensure the named bookmark name is absent name : boolean force bookmark bookmark : boolean try harder harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   referenced
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  extract a set of whitespace from a graphical string .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the status code for a given wsgi status .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   confirmed
truth:  validates   length

test:  render a formset to a bootstrap layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   grep
truth:  render   formset

test:  return servers status .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  detects logs .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  detect   deflate
truth:  detect   config

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  compare otu maps .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  compare   kicks
truth:  compare   otu

test:  test params which doesnt make tests <url against env .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  allows specific to add a query string of raw estimation .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  add   r^2
truth:  add   form

test:  documents a rendered document .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  handle   express
truth:  handle   -

test:  list all folders that pertain to a task in the specified location .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   frees
truth:  list   folders

test:  cold a hypervisor by specified utils .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  invoke a remote method that returns something .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  invoke   located
truth:  invoke   method

test:  create a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   unescapes
truth:  creates   rule

test:  returns the configuration of the rpm commit .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  commits   loads
truth:  commits   changes

test:  create a brocade specific network .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  extract language information from a dictionary .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  returns the first integers information in a callable .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the navigator .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  parse an staff record number .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  initialize   talk
truth:  initialize   packet

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  get   shed
truth:  get   exception

test:  rgb to hsv color space conversion from hsv space .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  expected six .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  return a list of the listing of the filesystem glob on the given filesystem .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  returns the optimal population matrix x at the 4 distance matrix .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  make sure that a gem source is present .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  set the host or list of devices .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  parse lists of the pdb file .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  returns   optdict
truth:  returns   lines

test:  turns an integer to a delimited list .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  yield file path .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  evaluate   ip
truth:  evaluate   paths

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator for .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  enable or not an interface cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   embedded
truth:  enable   example

test:  remove the logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  evaluate the expression value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  decorator that retrieve a header property of the item .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  creates   accentuated
truth:  creates   getter

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dict of all inline data from the minion .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  store   bcaches
truth:  store   minions

test:  a function-call process that copies the next line sending and for skype .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  sending   exit
truth:  sending   handling

test:  given a directory and a ft directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  a context manager that should be unique .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  gets a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  remove gcd of f from f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  remove   corrupts
truth:  remove   terms

test:  returns a byte string of a binary file .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  returns the reverse primers id for the dict passed in dict .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  return   occur
truth:  return   barcodes

test:  return the cumulative density function for the quality mean .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes the entity cache .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  performs   activate
truth:  performs   delete

test:  register keystoneclient middleware options .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   forbid
truth:  register   options

test:  the inverse of the decorated function .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   optimized
truth:  test   script

test:  validate a pep exception .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  infer the parameter method .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  infer   offset
truth:  infer   parameters

test:  find the first file of a given directory that is in the path .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  find   walk
truth:  find   dirname

test:  a compiler for the _compiler .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  helper function to check if the email address is actually a valid mailing .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  prevent   decoding
truth:  prevent   lists

test:  test items of data columns .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  process the process .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  calling   reencrypt
truth:  calling   start

test:  this returns a raf of a descriptor object .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  expr_stmt : function .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  function   controlled
truth:  function   identifier

test:  run a full test client for a helper .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  return weakly connected components of a graph .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  add gone gone .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  return a dictionary of corresponding versions of all known versions .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  debug function to validate modules which all of pip and throws their jwt data to get rid .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   init
truth:  validate   modules

test:  convert a timestamp to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given an email address .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  filter   maintain
truth:  filter   mail

test:  remove port bound to a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   receives
truth:  remove   port

test:  restores the restore filename .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restores   responds
truth:  restores   database

test:  can dense gl .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  ensure   borrowed
truth:  ensure   instances

test:  save the registry cache into the cache file in cache .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   eliminating
truth:  save   cache

test:  returns a list of coords from cartesian .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  fill   launch
truth:  fill   coordinates

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  render a warning environment .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  return or lms .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  creates   exhaust
truth:  creates   conversion

test:  plugin registration .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  uses   failing
truth:  uses   style

test:  return true if the given file is an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  action content with passed .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  received received text e .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  transform   access
truth:  transform   url

test:  setup registrar .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  prints the message and exit with a status code .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using a prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   plan
truth:  get   profile

test:  generate a link .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   proposed
truth:  generate   chain

test:  list the triggers of a task in a specified location .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  configure the actual students in studio for a course .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  request   pulls
truth:  request   null

test:  disable state function or sls run cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   broadcasted
truth:  disable   runs

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   offset
truth:  depending   parameters

test:  check the virtual server .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  returns the product of the list for which the products are aliased .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  multiplies   smooth
truth:  multiplies   vector

test:  cast all werkzeug .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  print sane and categories of the categories .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  print   points
truth:  print   sub

test:  a basic grammar .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   hsv
truth:  test   grammar

test:  get the actual file given a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  resolve   define
truth:  resolve   path

test:  clear all unit tests from the given suite .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   binhexed
truth:  clear   tests

test:  get a unified texts for two arrays .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  set the default colormap to nipy and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  start cgconfig condrestart .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  repack a if a path if it exists .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  attempts to clone the path .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  send routes .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure the named grafana ''}if is present .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  generate   printing
truth:  generate   locale

test:  samples a message from the application .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get information about a vm by its name or list of dicts: .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  check if the usage of the module is valid .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  get a value from the database .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  access a nested data structures and uses a search path with a search { { { "hi": 5 .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  attempts   restoring
truth:  attempts   data

test:  returns setting of config values from settings .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  get   lambda
truth:  get   django

test:  merge multiple keys into valid list of keys .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  merge   review
truth:  merge   keys

test:  encode a python string to bytes .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  takes   ensures
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse an argument out of a repository .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  splits   ayoung
truth:  splits   base

test:  get an authentication nonce for the given nonce .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   rect
truth:  get   work

test:  disassociate all compute ips from host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  perform a value of a model-driven .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  checks   flattening
truth:  checks   field

test:  returns a file descriptor to tell fd .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  write   parsefile
truth:  write   descriptor

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a root key for a root key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  extracts   intialize
truth:  extracts   root

test:  updates all scene exceptions to match scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  either add or update the given course update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  delete   highlights
truth:  delete   update

test:  rabins polynomial n in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  generate   indicate
truth:  generate   polynomial

test:  returns true if there are available .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  query the canonical data of one document .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  this is a compatibility function that creates the default context .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  change a assetfinder body of the with a given color .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  test make_text_box() .
truth: command history . 
test:  command   remove
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest end after begin from begin .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   mounted
truth:  returns   end

test:  parse a c list of lines .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  preprocesses a single image aspect file .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  resize   indicating
truth:  resize   images

test:  return a formatted string from a timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  check robust to catch valid attributes .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a list of test providers for the test data directory .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   cleave
truth:  return   providers

test:  validate a google app .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  divide   imposes
truth:  divide   f

test:  check an event from the api call to be ismaster .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  endpoint   fitnesse
truth:  endpoint   events

test:  encode a packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  encodes   executed
truth:  encodes   dictionary

test:  retrieve a context .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  create the courseware for the specified xblock .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  render   preload
truth:  render   content

test:  encrypts a message ekey using encryption ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   sends
truth:  encrypts   encryption

test:  create a continuous random variable with a gamma distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  checks if the adobe of a collection is in the check .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return a new pipeline to a guiprocess pipeline .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  simulate   launching
truth:  simulate   pipeline

test:  calculate the score for a given benchmark score where the score is in the schemes .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the incompat name of method that has a given version .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  skip   pulls
truth:  skip   null

test:  returns the maximum of the domain .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  disable console options from configuration .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  iterator   cause
truth:  iterator   option

test:  initialize a module .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  generate the correct file .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  list of absolute paths for each file that are dynamically broken by the itemtype .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  freezing   calculate
truth:  freezing   windows

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  applies regular expression filtering to an filter query .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  applies   sums
truth:  applies   expression

test:  returns all lambda function alias .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns a gradient string representation of constant or details .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  use   skipped
truth:  use   use

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  extract the filename to a directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   updating
truth:  extract   archive

test:  convenience function .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets the name of a unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the unicode character corresponding to the given string .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  ask for a particular argument in enhancement .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  decides whether g represents a maximal matching in g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a random blank character from a valid set of alternate characters requirement: * mysql tested against: notes: * useful to bypass several web application
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  publicly is a script .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  handle   chew
truth:  handle   service

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   unparsing
truth:  create   git

test:  format a decimal timestamp to decimal according to the rules in decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  performs average/upgma residual on numpy arrays .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  use   broadcasted
truth:  use   runs

test:  calculates a distance between consecutive lists of equal distance over the given golden .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  order   pulls
truth:  order   null

test:  initialize the style function .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  convert a time string to a time tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  store the item at the given array pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  store   urlencode
truth:  store   item

test:  train a single roidb by low .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  list available services .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  recursively insert data into file-like into the beginning and clear .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  insert   restoring
truth:  insert   data

test:  a generator that generates python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  get the current user id .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns a list of unique paths .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  return   reallocation
truth:  return   collection

test:  context manager to make a temporary file name .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return data for a system metadata headers .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run some of the paired algorithm .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  call chaining .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  filter all groups that match the groups .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  validate the mailgun webhook for a message .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handler to handle different users .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get a pages url for this project .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  return   documentation

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  discard   unescaped
truth:  discard   entries

test:  parses a single config string of a list of statements .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create a permutedims of the permutedims function given a multivariate array of expressions .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  permutes   sparsedataset
truth:  permutes   indices

test:  return a set of cookies .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  add   unenroll
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a simple undirected tag to a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  return a list of plot commands .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  update an object by name .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  skip a test configuration if config doesnt support a warning .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  raise   freezing
truth:  raise   configuration

test:  encodes a sol value to a subclass of bytes .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   compresses
truth:  find   statement

test:  event changes to user .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed for the given .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  check   matches
truth:  check   misc

test:  are we being asked to look up a nonstring .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  validate extra filters for basic filters .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  validate   obj
truth:  validate   filters

test:  return x .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  helper function for integer values of a callable f .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  convert   making
truth:  convert   float

test:  returns the counts for the given data .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  information about the registered info .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  asterisks separations .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  deletes the specified security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   rising
truth:  deletes   group

test:  returns the natural natural width of a solver operators in effect .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  declares some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   translates
truth:  defines   flags

test:  decorate axes near to match the given axes .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  initialize   support
truth:  initialize   time

test:  safely remove the directory resources/documentname/fn file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  renders the given template and returns the result .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  this is a helper function for simulating a vector of alpha .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  checks   operate
truth:  checks   h

test:  searches all python files under root .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   intialize
truth:  scan   root

test:  sets up tree names .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  cache   step
truth:  cache   names

test:  retrieve preferred arguments by the locale encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  combine numpy/scipy .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  convert the given css file into the given css .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  return   proxying
truth:  return   assets

test:  make all the user can be sent to get the channel .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  test that a table with normal random data .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  return a right-stochastic of the shortest cost .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  find   runs
truth:  find   cost

test:  convert an ip address string to an ip number as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  append a period to the given text .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  append   standardises
truth:  append   period

test:  find the index of the first element in a in x .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   bench
truth:  locate   value

test:  closes all review requests for the google code repository .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  parse a builtin template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  return an array .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   vectorized
truth:  check   webapp

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  apply provider information to a provider facts args: provider : facts to update returns: provider facts dict updated with the normalized facts updated with the provided facts if they were
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   object
truth:  apply   facts

test:  initialize the module as returned by the connection library .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  move a host to an existing one .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   preloading
truth:  move   host

test:  test the behavior of --local --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   switch
truth:  test   list

test:  a specific format type for a specific format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get a list of all locales that are locales according to the criteria and their locales are in a particular environment .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load if the snapper module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  home a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  sets a new component of the specified page .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  convert string-like elevation into cartesian .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  combine zero or more keys of the provided keys .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  create a track track from an echo nest track track .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get float from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  convert a protobuf into a protobuf .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  tests a regression test using a reference test .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  regression test against issue traget .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  pulls   totodiles
truth:  pulls   machines

test:  helper function to define an :class:iprovisioner that is not recommended .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  place a dataframe into categories for categories .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  convert   insure
truth:  convert   dataframe

test:  return the url of the arguments that can be used to represent the given package .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  do a scheduled job of the data .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  generate   customized
truth:  generate   salt

test:  checks that the version string is a valid rar version .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  generate the primary key for a given string for a new value .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  calculate   orthoganlize
truth:  calculate   hash

test:  gruntz -> str resolve a pivoted in the form of a e .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  compute   sqlmap
truth:  compute   limit

test:  find the instance type of a person entity .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the seuclidean .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  return the fingerprint of the masters public key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  colorize text output .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  pulls   detects
truth:  pulls   color

test:  round round float using float method .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  send an email to a configured notification email .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  email   allocate
truth:  email   user

test:  set up octoprint for sys .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  usage: dbref(3) this batched_dot function works like the same obj[key2] .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a gettext or regular expression to a gettext specification .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  pulls   tag
truth:  pulls   gettext

test:  return the list of the central function in the given dict .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  get   mark
truth:  get   contexts

test:  registers a dictionary of the selected writer .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  adds   mixed
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  dummy function used to test exceptions .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send notification to requesting notification backends .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   targeting
truth:  send   backends

test:  factory function that instantiates an endpoint description and returns a description .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   currents
truth:  restores   state

test:  return a gcode .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  return the process matching the target .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a keyczar keyset to be used for signing and signature verification .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   splodge
truth:  returns   keyczar

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  get loop inside a loop outside .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  helper function for parallel processing list .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  flatten   looping
truth:  flatten   node

test:  return all the data files in a column .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  if output is provided .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  to put the specified host system for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   grouping
truth:  remove   system

test:  decode and normalizes crypto meta .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  used for key=value .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  returns the maximum number of a given number .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  read all files in a sff directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  return   wheather
truth:  return   library

test:  construct an integer from a twos complement .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  evaluates the natural logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   forget
truth:  evaluates   inverse

test:  for each line of the given header dict .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  given   decoding
truth:  given   lists

test:  provides the current time of a given zone .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  returns   zone

test:  make sure the user can query read in the ndarray .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  push   aff4_type
truth:  push   share

test:  get a temporary file that provide a mcr db .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  return   skipped
truth:  return   use

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   renders
truth:  get   series

test:  calculates the zmap score of each value in the sample .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   named
truth:  calculates   z

test:  helper method to retrieve all xblocks partitions from a given course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  returns   rotated
truth:  returns   partition

test:  helper to stat key from a dictionary .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  sort   inform
truth:  sort   entry

test:  solves an order linear differential equation with coefficients using the substitution .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  generic animated graph b .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  weighted   collecting
truth:  weighted   b

test:  read and return a file .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  creates   fileformat
truth:  creates   self

test:  invalidate the cms in the page .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  invalidates   eliminating
truth:  invalidates   cache

test:  get an album candidates for each musicbrainz album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  search   decorate
truth:  search   matches

test:  change the whole vector for the corresponding order .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  checks   smooth
truth:  checks   vector

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  fetches a list of available networks cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  remove data .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  set the raw flag .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   decides
truth:  verify   sha1

test:  load a specific check and check it loads checks .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  find   files
truth:  find   check

test:  copy a sample file to an destination .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a win32_terminalservicesetting variable which may be used to serialize the original variable code .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  get the mtime stat directory .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   widening
truth:  set   location

test:  return true if the user can view the staff courses .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  determine   wrapped
truth:  determine   permission

test:  returns a list of media files of media document .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  embed   sleep
truth:  embed   files

test:  delete document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  authentication for association .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  disconnects   pulls
truth:  disconnects   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ping ping .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  print   stop
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: attr_gt only works like assertraisesregexp .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test overlapping overlapping overlap .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   doing
truth:  test   annotations

test:  get the path to the resource .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  provides a byte string .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  inject a set of existing result to a new command .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  convert an integer in binary representation into a human readable form .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  translates   hover
truth:  translates   bytes

test:  clears the debugger .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clean   b1
truth:  clean   translations

test:  parse an rfc822 date into a datetime .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  perform a single estimator on an array of estimator and a new estimator .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  parses keyword and delete indices to they are turned .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  remove a check the check the check the given agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  removes   files
truth:  removes   check

test:  check whether c is acceptable .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  run a shell command to write output to a file .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  return true if a page is a book .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  returns the default deltablue class .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  updates a postgres user .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  constructs and returns a csv representation of the data .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  translate   restoring
truth:  translate   data

test:  address -> address return the ip address for a host .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  require a formated rejected instance .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  ensures   assign
truth:  ensures   requests

test:  return the current configuration .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  the set of this module is called in the connection .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  raises   trivial
truth:  raises   connection

test:  return the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  create an instance of the gax publisher api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  update units with settings .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  load   responds
truth:  load   database

test:  helper to make linear bem for gamma .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  create   decrypt
truth:  create   solution

test:  convert an image to the new image .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  find all attributes for attribute whose name is a dict .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  extract   mutate
truth:  extract   column

test:  restart the @sopel .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  join   overrides
truth:  join   channel

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  push the block onto the block .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  open   converted
truth:  open   block

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model tphase .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  pulls   reconstitute
truth:  pulls   sound

test:  parse a bytes or value into a multiplier .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  list grade for the given users cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  numpy implementation of the sigmoid function .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  uninstall a new plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstalls   identifies
truth:  uninstalls   plugin

test:  returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected spanning .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  issue a warning .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  returns the selected nodes in the cell list .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  create a pants setup for our pants setup .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake participant .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  construct a service description that will be attached to a beacon service .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return the kullback-leibler function for a given type .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   stacks
truth:  return   states

test:  return all iam groups .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  compute materials .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  computes   restrict
truth:  computes   array

test:  create a torification object .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  like :func:has_request_context but captures locked to make sure the lookups are valid and the result is run .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  cancel the jobs .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  take   flattens
truth:  take   output

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  time   shared
truth:  time   string

test:  create a group .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  convert a full clipped array into the sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  purge all files that match the given pattern .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  delete   disconnects
truth:  delete   dir

test:  print a tree of the tree whose content is true or false .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   djangos
truth:  print   indentation

test:  clean up the cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  tab test .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  is   turn
truth:  is   case

test:  only work on utilityonlyworkson with utilityonlyworkson .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  load   encode
truth:  load   mac

test:  make sure code is not built .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  run all of the synthetic jar in a second jar .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  executes   initializes
truth:  executes   program

test:  install the given signal handler .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   lets
truth:  install   handler

test:  parse a channel mode string .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  stop and raise a because if it doesnt yet exist .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  cleanup   unquoting
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw a random graph with a random layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  check if input string is a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return a version .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  make sure the encoding is an unicode string .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  get the overhang span .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   evacuate
truth:  get   precision

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  test x10 address validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  create a default span string for the given target .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  factory function for quickly getting wsgi chain .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate an image path .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  derive   define
truth:  derive   path

test:  register a plugin plugin on a function .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a line of the restructuredtext column into the number of events .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  gets a cooked path -- a list of .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  index of lowest value over a specified period .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  return a sparse matrix with seed and seed backend .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  parses a date argument that downloads the given date and returns a 9-tuple .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   temperature
truth:  parses   date

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  encode a data as a old version .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   extract
truth:  encode   version

test:  unconditionally test for pil .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  verify that a setting is the same value .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  verify   flow
truth:  verify   fields

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  checks if changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  test   forms
truth:  test   result

test:  invert a graph of values into a set of nodes .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  inverts   publish
truth:  inverts   graph

test:  remove a session from the current request .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  removes   exposes
truth:  removes   values

test:  retrieves out if the file is a fileobj version of compressor .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  return   unpatch
truth:  return   matching

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  parse the command line and return a list of arguments .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  returns the gender for a given word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  require a file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  return a set of strings containing the languages in it .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  set   guess
truth:  set   vars

test:  set or delete metadata on a image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   post_save
truth:  set   metadata

test:  convert a numpy array to a sympy name .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  create a authentication digest based on a given acl .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  returns a list of invalidate/re-validate for a given linode .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  check response headers .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   stubbed
truth:  check   headers

test:  returns a dict for a complete config object .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  returns the class of a foreign foreign namespace if it exists .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  generate an router to be defined in the router .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   prepares
truth:  loads   router

test:  evaluate a report instance as a master client .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  builds list of the form for all the form .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  concatenate a scholz into one and output completely .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns the version of salt .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  report   poll
truth:  report   versions

test:  return a regular expression .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this function encodes a string of an email chunks .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  pad   summarize
truth:  pad   zeros

test:  create a new extension with the current low-level server .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  format blocks of two blocks .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  pulls   multivariate
truth:  pulls   blocks

test:  load config from a file .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace all occurrences of a provided field with a specific value .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  pulls   pass
truth:  pulls   document

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a sparse matrix where x is a sparse matrix .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  returns a tuple of the loop until it returns true .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  loop   currents
truth:  loop   state

test:  configure the input to a newly created file .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  recursive meta scalar or scalar of matrices by beer .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  create   embeds
truth:  create   pandas

test:  render interesting titles from a value .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test 'rm-fbaz' .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  construct a duration .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  parse a string argument into a list of dimensions and type .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a list .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  gets   abandoned
truth:  gets   declaration

test:  get an email or depth-first .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  dummy function to make an error if it doesnt exist .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  throw   shed
truth:  throw   exception

test:  a context manager which adds variables to previous variables .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   accept
truth:  context   env

test:  encode a base64 encoded image .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  generate   forwards
truth:  generate   image

test:  injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   forgets
truth:  injects   filesystem

test:  this is used to determine if the protocol version is not supported .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  builds a path to the current device m3 .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   wanted
truth:  builds   filename

test:  run tests .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  discover   binhexed
truth:  discover   tests

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  create a new instancefault .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  merges a value of a source network device in the ns list of default_handlers .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the configuration from a user .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  leading/trailing the closing tree .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  inverts   configured
truth:  inverts   tree

test:  decode a unicode uuid string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  decode   bartels
truth:  decode   contents

test:  set the current policy for the user via rabbitmqctl set_permissions cli example: .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  compute the trimmed sample standard deviation this function finds the sample standard deviation of given values .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  authenticate a comment to the contents of the given unit .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  stores   iterates
truth:  stores   comment

test:  load and return the data for a schema .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  returns the number of representation of a user .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  given a string or unicode string .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  transform the post function into an expression .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  checks barcodes of a mapping file .
truth: gets header . 
test:  gets   assume
truth:  gets   header

test:  decorator which causes the specified column name to find the desired column names and column names .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  normalize a lower case sensitivity .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  extract   revoked
truth:  extract   details

test:  infer a name for the given name .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   stores
truth:  infer   name

test:  get the root directory for the repository .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  this method maps from the y pipeline pipeline and returns a serialized key .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  works   migrate
truth:  works   systemd

test:  return the unquoted .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   disabling
truth:  generate   filenames

test:  adds the header value to the header .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  when a series of reconcile entries .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  cancel   pulls
truth:  cancel   null

test:  loads a class instance .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   archive
truth:  return   member

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  get all attachment specs for the specified attachment .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  parse a time out of a time object into a datetime object .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  tries   support
truth:  tries   time

test:  get the gnu .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  gets all the auth assigned to the request .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  extracts   backup
truth:  extracts   properties

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   error
truth:  pair   bracket

test:  receive a pandas message templates .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  convert a cryptographically-strong ipv4 address to a string .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  convert   based
truth:  convert   address

test:  helper function for simulating xenapi plugin responses .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  surround   preload
truth:  surround   content

test:  parses an entry of lines that are safe for texts and use of exactly entry as <el .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parse   inform
truth:  parse   entry

test:  set the discovery inspectors sequence and the first axis .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  get all available regions for the aws awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  delete all exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  discretize gaussian modes with different modes .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  pulls   imagine
truth:  pulls   modes

test:  returns a list of for the given devices .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  returns   igor
truth:  returns   device

test:  list all available package upgrades .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   intialize
truth:  find   root

test:  returns the value of a method with respect to the given name .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  a context manager for the channel .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  invoke   generating
truth:  invoke   shell

test:  lists wiki documents depending on a review tag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   retuned
truth:  lists   revisions

test:  return a metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  convert none to asbool .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test for a bug with a secondary chart .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   replay
truth:  test   chart

test:  load the data modechoice data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns a list of access sandbox that has not been access to the backend .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  returns   proxying
truth:  returns   assets

test:  require python package .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  creates all tests under path .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  renders all the follow view for a particular actor instance <a assign .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   access
truth:  renders   url

test:  command : data .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  verifies that a cypher with the supplied cypher key .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  preprocess an expression against a sequence of strings in it .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  prepare   craft
truth:  prepare   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  checks if there are any of the path for the user .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  signal a signal for a service .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  used   label
truth:  used   custom

test:  compute the clip from a blackwhite image .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the comments string of a feature considering when the table comments of the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  return a validator for the type of a type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  get   pipe
truth:  get   validator

test:  convert a datetime object to timestamp .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  make sure the qapplication shorthand is the same as the same .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  rewrite   currents
truth:  rewrite   state

test:  configure image with the given image .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  update   forwards
truth:  update   image

test:  normalize the named group name to make it usable from the beacon for the named package to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  transform a python object into an xri .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  test x labels line .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find qa with the given comment .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  for executing os .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  retrieve   unquoting
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  authenticate the user to get an oauth .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  builds   guvectorize
truth:  builds   oauth

test:  return a token of a token .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  creates a new security group .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  tokenize a deterministic token .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  tokenize   supports
truth:  tokenize   text

test:  read a chunk of text delimited text file .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   hits
truth:  read   filter

test:  make a notification for the inbox of a inbox .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a short string representation of an object .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  function   flip
truth:  function   python

test:  bind the given data to a possible version .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  ensure   restoring
truth:  ensure   data

test:  convert an sin(x)*-2 form to a constant object .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  check   twitter
truth:  check   auto

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   preprocess
truth:  returns   networks

test:  returns a dictionary of {field_index: keys and the field names .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  convert a notebook ip address from the google rolls representation to the cloudsearch_changes .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  construct   containing
truth:  construct   ip

test:  return the name of the proxied domain .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   union
truth:  get   domain

test:  removes a 2d numpy array with the file_check function .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  pauses   satisfy
truth:  pauses   container

test:  turn a list of tuples into a single vector .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  make   cleaning
truth:  make   matrix

test:  completeness the score of the entire score .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  run doctest on pyproj .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  run   prettyprint
truth:  run   examples

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get a friendly file name for a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  start a local file with this function will start a local dialog .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  generalized   pulls
truth:  generalized   null

test:  decorator that checks if a user has a particular permission .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  scans a corrupts of tagging chunks .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  demo   indicating
truth:  demo   images

test:  a custom exception handler that returns an event handler .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  list all the features .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  list   handle
truth:  list   features

test:  test that x_squared_norms can be created .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  constructs   initialise
truth:  constructs   layers

test:  returns the path to the image dir .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  generate   disconnects
truth:  generate   dir

test:  return information about the named vm cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  product of the strings in a sequence .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   invalidates
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  sun -> string return a copy of a string .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  pulls   rabins
truth:  pulls   bitmap

test:  splitdrive : toktype opttype cycle .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  this is a file descriptor on partition .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  generator to expand a generator of items from the items in the json .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  creates a klintegrator string containing the folders of the feed .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  creates   resample
truth:  creates   directories

test:  sanitize positional and keyword arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns partial product of a vector .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  cross   landing
truth:  cross   sum

test:  add a trunk to the output ports .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  add   revoked
truth:  add   details

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   pinned_array
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  returns the classifier classifier of the classifier classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is a valid eia target .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  returns the distances of the distance along given axis curve .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  encode wanted to encode the wanted .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a github api cli example: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  downloads tv .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  determine if the passed in op is a block gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  decorator to monkeypatch a function .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  add   located
truth:  add   method

test:  decorator that skips tests for pillow drivers limited to one of the geos function .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  decorator for parameterized test w .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  when a users channel for the application .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  pulls   extracts
truth:  pulls   socket

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  asserts that the cli prompt .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  verify   instantiate
truth:  verify   arguments

test:  return the current device names based on a user device .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  matches   allocate
truth:  matches   user

test:  decorator that returns a decorator to cache its time .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  be   pulls
truth:  be   null

test:  service __doc__ .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  find all files in a directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  writes a xspf encoded string to the given xml tag .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  send   switch
truth:  send   list

test:  returns the user id of a username .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is a db .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  try to determine the current image from request .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   knapsack
truth:  upload   request

test:  convert a unicode string to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  returns length of barcode barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  split   reveal
truth:  split   sequence

test:  removes user from username .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns path as an absolute path .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  checks whether user can push translation repository .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  filter the access token to the provided authentication .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  reads an image .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   been
truth:  import   format

test:  generate an url of the string .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   skipped
truth:  generate   use

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes empty directories and all files .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a {'url' for a web resource .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  call str on = attributes .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  repack were called from the widget .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  return a somewhat-helpful module name .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  assemble   pulls
truth:  assemble   null

test:  convert the given ctypeobj to the request .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  clean up the log file .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  test   aliased
truth:  test   json

test:  this is a silly function that when the data of the given connection information is complete .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is greater than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a tuple containing the docs in docs .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  like yaml .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  loads   freezing
truth:  loads   configuration

test:  return available packet images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  return the web interface .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  get   transliterate
truth:  get   variable

test:  test that there are there are there are there of the popular are are there .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  pulls   appends
truth:  pulls   add

test:  use a simple creation sequence that is a directed creation in g .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  find   reserve
truth:  find   subgraph

test:  return the index of the first index in seq .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  turns a propertygroup of tokens into a list of tokens that are mentioned in tokenizer .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve the active path from a collection of words .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  validates the provided ip address against a string .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  return a list of localizable attributes and description .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  find a new wsgi name and codegen from the files in which the header statement .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  generate   associate
truth:  generate   expressions

test:  x is a al matrix between x and y .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  handle   turn
truth:  handle   case

test:  split a branch and return a simple path .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  splits   utf-8
truth:  splits   argument

test:  get a libcloud creation time for the volumes of a github volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  extract   support
truth:  extract   time

test:  calculate the correlation coefficient of the normal distribution .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  lint tool command line list of bootstrap commands .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  ensure   inquire
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  like :func:textwrap .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  decode some base64 encoded value into base64 encoded base url .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   connect
truth:  encodes   entities

test:  returns true if the given string or an ipv4 address .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  add a base source to each base source .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  extracts   deployments
truth:  extracts   sources

test:  destroys messages from the given base dict .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  return true if path is in being .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  returns true if g is a isolate .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  determines   looping
truth:  determines   node

test:  process cache .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a given object .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   extension

test:  return a list of local requirements and sys .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read text from file with 0: .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   project
truth:  return   ascii

test:  make a polar polar call to plot .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  make   memoizes
truth:  make   plot

test:  event handlers can be eval() .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  create custom metric descriptor .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  this function is called right after the api call .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  return   polynomials
truth:  return   codes

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  run all known programs .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute spatial connectivity with permutations and down .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  update a basefont with a pandas font .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  return the first derivative of the undecorate .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the [pioneer] .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  test the locale for a locale code .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  make   changes
truth:  make   languages

test:  delete to a optimize directory .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  migrate   sleep
truth:  migrate   files

test:  returns a list of comments of a number of tasks .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   dataframe
truth:  get   comments

test:  change all config options for a pull request .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  adapt   flattens
truth:  adapt   output

test:  show details of :changing_param: .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  perform homebrew environment .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  executes   flip
truth:  executes   python

test:  turns out the access token into the api code .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  obtain   scop
truth:  obtain   token

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies for cookies .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   unenroll
truth:  test   cookies

test:  check for except: .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   been
truth:  check   format

test:  return program data for display in which the given user is in all .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   deduce
truth:  return   programs

test:  escapes % characters .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  yaml: whitesource publish builds html plugin .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  unpacks elements of a uint8 array into a packed output array .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  packs   eliminates
truth:  packs   elements

test:  print a "enc" for a message .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  generate   fragment
truth:  generate   report

test:  get the interpolation with the given lexical form and pos .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  load and return an extension .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  does a dictionary with any of the item in the given list .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  determines   search
truth:  determines   d

test:  create a new identity for the tenant hash .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   generating
truth:  communicate   shell

test:  validate a list of json ids .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   supports
truth:  validate   text

test:  decorate all the nodes under the given tree .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  function   push
truth:  function   depth

test:  construct a signal from epochs .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  reconstruct   dumps
truth:  reconstruct   signal

test:  calculate the given data for a given sha .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  calls changed files for the specifies config .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  get all instance type extra specs .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  print an undefined-step step stream .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return a node with search nodes and the modified search for node .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   skipped
truth:  serialize   use

test:  order image elements .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns the maximum of a csr matrix or csc matrix .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  same as a += b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  for a google author .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  generate an md5 hash of the specified string .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  receive   review
truth:  receive   keys

test:  helper to make a helpful defaults to defaults .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  return a dict of active config values .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get saml provider cli example: .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   embedded
truth:  get   example

test:  return a dense numpy array with the correct values substituted .
truth: like rand . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  work out the metadata server and returns http description .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  create a continuous random variable with coefficients .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  check   created
truth:  check   mode

test:  log info into the log file .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  tokenize a python stream into a yaml stream .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  sends a certain *assertions .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  create a widget widget .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  populates   flow
truth:  populates   fields

test:  for getting a javascript from a queue .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a suitable trace as a trace .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this function is used for testing zinnia .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  pulls   explode
truth:  pulls   processes

test:  inject inject into a id_3 .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  map   localize
truth:  map   reference

test:  a function to decode an address that can be used in a url path .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  extract the external u'acceptance from a aristas container container host to extract the port and port .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  inspect   satisfy
truth:  inspect   container

test:  build asymmetry for interfaces and return the contents of the interface .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  add   refresh
truth:  add   scripts

test:  reorder a dict of two independent samples parameters n_colors : array_like .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  converts a dictionary of dictionaries to a single string .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  take   forbid
truth:  take   options

test:  allows a minimizes for a instance until it doesnt yet .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  blocks   center
truth:  blocks   ec2

test:  extract integer value from an int .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  check   linkify
truth:  check   integer

test:  prints a information criterion .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  render {% form form %} {{ form %} .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  dump all the deployment configuration options .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dumps   solve
truth:  dumps   settings

test:  add rotation element to an array .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert a datetime .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  decorator for setting dirty changes to changes made up of a method .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  return a short .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  returns a mock .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns the accuracy of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  return the rendered data from the file .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  pulls   marathon
truth:  pulls   opening

test:  this is a wrapper around json .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  works like np .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  stop watching approved revisions in review .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  stop   retuned
truth:  stop   revisions

test:  execute a command and read the output as pillar data .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  return true if the filename matches the given options .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  extract all nodes under the apply nodes of a expression .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   revert
truth:  extract   i18n

test:  gets a cached cached trees for the given queryset .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  takes   offer
truth:  takes   queryset

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  helper function for getting a config key from the config key .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a sequence of where clause is key for each input .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  add http user using the htpasswd file .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  delete   allocate
truth:  delete   user

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  show the notification on the local instance .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  return any optional timestamp information in the query .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  if the input source ends with a static file name .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  expand   sums
truth:  expand   expression

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the point inside a segment .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  add a nice library and ld to the configuration directories .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  creates an enrollment for the given user instance .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  executes a sequence of rotations for an application .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  delete   proxying
truth:  delete   assets

test:  test that a finder only .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  setup   embed
truth:  setup   logging

test:  gets a context variable to show blog categories .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   act
truth:  gets   categories

test:  filter names from a list of names .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  determine   allocate
truth:  determine   user

test:  get bitpacked and append them to the given file .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   exposes
truth:  read   values

test:  discrete avatar url .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  reset the cached id of the docker settings .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  populate   pending
truth:  populate   default

test:  format -> string convert a timestamp to an excel string .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  write row** .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  approx of the loss of a list of polynomials .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vertex lists of vertex output .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  compute the trimmed sample standard deviation .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  resnet-200 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this bucket .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   enhanced
truth:  copy   object

test:  tests that we can do not produce a random tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  tests   configured
truth:  tests   tree

test:  creates a message to be processed in a separate schema .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  change   rescales
truth:  change   event

test:  construct a test control test .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  build   encapsulate
truth:  build   instance

test:  get redis key value from a redis hash .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  creates a user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  if old style is required .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  rebuild   exposes
truth:  rebuild   values

test:  calculates a wtforms hmac form for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  returns a qt app .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  const : const_value : const_value .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generator to get loaded rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  yields   put
truth:  yields   rules

test:  generate a header with a given length .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  returns true iff path is all folders in the users: .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only load if the ipset module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  a memoize method of decoding to native native encoding of native strings .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  generate a certificate from the current certificate domain of the certificate to the certificate .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   producing
truth:  generate   certificate

test:  splits a tuple/list into roughly by given class .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  returns a tuple of sample backend configuration .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  evening star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  pulls   pressing
truth:  pulls   cover

test:  create a json record from a json value .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  coerce   presents
truth:  coerce   mapping

test:  create content from a new directory and return a new location .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to int type representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   combined
truth:  converts   ipv4

test:  add to surrounding loops from surrounding loops from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  create a new thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  creates   vms
truth:  creates   thread

test:  test that we can label their folder when banner dont have a folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   colorized
truth:  deactivate   context

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  return linode status .
truth: get status code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  ensures customer from stripe .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  pulls   l{twisted
truth:  pulls   subscription

test:  reader function for edf+ .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  call to start and start the service .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  pulls   paginates
truth:  pulls   queues

test:  test fiducialssource .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  load   tag
truth:  load   gettext

test:  return unified text .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  return a datetime object for the given hour .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  create   childnodes
truth:  create   timestamp

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   call
truth:  return   docstrings

test:  wrap a particular object to a given attribute .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  mount a partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   forgets
truth:  mount   filesystem

test:  dummy function to throw an exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a list of resource by the current plugin .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  check if we can be created .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  adds a new plugin class to be used .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  get the url of the page and create a page object .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  request   access
truth:  request   url

test:  based on items of an array of strings .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse nested options into .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  expr   tz_localize
truth:  expr   seq

test:  applies a list of tokens before storing a string .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  transforms   accounted
truth:  transforms   sign

test:  print a virtual environment .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  create   computes
truth:  create   cell

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  gets a security group from a given security group .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  given a course id and thread id delete ajax .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  docstring for install_openblas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  divide all possible chunks in a graph .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   falls
truth:  yield   max_rows

test:  updates a new draft back to the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  sync   expands
truth:  sync   draft

test:  given a url that has been added in a scheme .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  put   access
truth:  put   url

test:  encrypts into some journal .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  encrypt   labeled
truth:  encrypt   file

test:  training controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   extract
truth:  training   version

test:  add vehicle to vehicle .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  regression test for a bug that belong to a set of label values .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  ensure   break
truth:  ensure   operations

test:  send a message to a client .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   unload
truth:  send   client

test:  ensure that the request is present .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  checks   unescapes
truth:  checks   rule

test:  represent a list of resource .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  customize   plan
truth:  customize   profile

test:  redirects to the specified location using http other code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return a hashlib value for obj .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  extract the custom parameters from the db .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   allocate
truth:  extract   user

test:  decorator for marking evironment dependent filters .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  construct a ccx of all of the current course for the course .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  works   overlay
truth:  works   func

test:  make sure that reset ip ip address works with defaults .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  reset   makes
truth:  reset   namespaces

test:  a wsgi application which sets the expected response .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  creates   roundrobin
truth:  creates   application

test:  train a transformation matrix for a dense device .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   outset
truth:  train   classifier

test:  sends a message to the creds logging .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns list of users with latest users .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  find and return the vms from the specified vm .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  unquoting   reported
truth:  unquoting   function

test:  send any of the u'post to your site calls .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  do a specific remaining input size in the buffer .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  computes   restoring
truth:  computes   data

test:  dom dom processing of a single element .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  add rack holes to vector3rackprofiles .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  safely abbr .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  abbreviate   carve
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return threshold value based on its adjacency sauvola .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  applies   rrmgr
truth:  applies   threshold

test:  return a list of tuples in the canvas .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  get   pick
truth:  get   callback

test:  create a permission grant from a provided role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   wrapped
truth:  create   permission

test:  converts a dictionary to a single level dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats a timedelta .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  format   skipped
truth:  format   use

test:  yaml: timestamps trigger builds at certain times .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  pulls   exercise
truth:  pulls   timestamps

test:  returns a dict from a special graph .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   publish
truth:  load   graph

test:  returns the currently selected language bidi .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  returns   languages

test:  run a child process .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read and return image of a file .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  read   forwards
truth:  read   image

test:  create a new txt response .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  returns   yamlify
truth:  returns   rrset

test:  executes imblearn/version .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  test if typing of the given list is subclass of undefined .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  returns a string representing time depends that depends die .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  run a fresh web server .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  load a /-delimited path from a list of tuples .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  function to be called before no longer used .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  encodes string .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  sets the environment for two arguments .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  create   masks
truth:  create   jinja2

test:  generates an log log message .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  server   decorating
truth:  server   log

test:  searches a unique id for a token .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  extract the facebook invite for basic modeladmin .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  sending   pulls
truth:  sending   null

test:  gets the default domain object as set and returns it .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  gets   enhanced
truth:  gets   object

test:  prints a list of all the baremetal nodes from a baremetal list .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  rename a single document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   pass
truth:  rename   document

test:  coerce value to a form of a time naive .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  convert string into imap flags .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  convert   translates
truth:  convert   flags

test:  load a coverage .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  run session between server and client protocol instances over tcp .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  returns a list of the user names .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  get the square matrix .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  given a line of coords .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  breaks a sequence of lists in an iterable of length n from seq .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  return indentation of line .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  update the parent status field with goal listeners .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   pass
truth:  update   document

test:  validate cls .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  validate   restoring
truth:  validate   data

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  returns the edge centrality for nodes in the graph .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  returns a human-readable unit array .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return all data from all file server .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   caused
truth:  write   return

test:  checks if an object is of a known type .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  update   joins
truth:  update   cluster

test:  recursively undefer .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  replace python dotted path with / .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  replace   flip
truth:  replace   python

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  casts the given value into a bool .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  setup the firetv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   m
truth:  setup   tv

test:  register a colormap either from the current colormap or a colormap instance .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  add   gather
truth:  add   colormap

test:  quarter quarter plot .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  backwards compatibility .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  generate arma impulse expected response of dimension parameters ar : array_like probabilities coefficients .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  return a validate validate validate validate validate that can be found .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  turn off and restoring a new track off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  called   rising
truth:  called   group

test:  test interpolation of source spaces .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  test   singular
truth:  test   volumes

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an array of masked arrays .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  masked   confirmed
truth:  masked   length

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   waveform
truth:  print   products

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  get authentication token for the masks .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the provided interface .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   source
truth:  make   overlay

test:  convert s to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  stringc encodes text .
truth: string in color . 
test:  string   detects
truth:  string   color

test:  helper function to generate a timestamp in a database .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get escaped size .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  get the version of gzip .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  fixture to clean httpbin object .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  like   unlinks
truth:  like   fixture

test:  when a model .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  log   consisting
truth:  log   link

test:  return true if c{obj} is a class .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determine if its ubuntu distribution .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  reads an ordered interval of a ms interface .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  start the signals to the os .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  convert an integer to an integer .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  compute univariate integer parametric roots of f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that all systems files must be listed in it .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  parses an http field and returns a .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  unregister a previously registered serializer from the process .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   enter
truth:  unregister   serializer

test:  set all projections to deactivate .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   insures
truth:  set   projections

test:  coerce value to a transform .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  default   labels
truth:  default   transform

test:  write pnm file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  unsubscribe a list .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  unsubscribe   switch
truth:  unsubscribe   list

test:  return a power of the graph g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  returns   grant
truth:  returns   power

test:  download translations for bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  download   b1
truth:  download   translations

test:  get a dict of linode for a linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  display box with tags removed .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  finds a list of directories for a parent .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a year for the locale and the number of locale patterns .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  get   canonicalize
truth:  get   unicode

test:  return an sqlalchemy about all activities for an user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  execute several execute tasks and return them .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  starts   shift
truth:  starts   tasks

test:  index assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  orders   allocate
truth:  orders   user

test:  compute the mean and add the data in the given event .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  accept   bench
truth:  accept   value

test:  retrieve an auth object for authenticated secrets settings from the secrets api .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  initializes   search
truth:  initializes   d

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the implementation of the api .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  creates a new presigned with the current process .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  builds   access
truth:  builds   url

test:  extract lines from the line .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  print a list of available agents .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  the |_ifdentry| and repeat coefficients for a orient .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  serialize a transform into multiple numbers .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  reserializes   restoring
truth:  reserializes   data

test:  test the importer using user-defined module types .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for estimating gammamomentcond .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  default locale .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  were   pulls
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  allow   usage_key_string
truth:  allow   view

test:  determine if the line is in the filled of a line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send a progress timestamp .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  it should upgrade from reqs from reqs and compute .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  upgrade   labeled
truth:  upgrade   file

test:  create a network on the current network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   retry
truth:  create   subnet

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  delete directory uid .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  set   separated
truth:  set   aes

test:  a contextmanager to patch the result of a stack input .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  patch   batch
truth:  patch   code

test:  return a list of length n from a list of active constants .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  draws   contructs
truth:  draws   sample

test:  helper function to return the unicode string from a given value .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  processing   freeze
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  show the window with an index logic .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  default value: .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   expect
truth:  return   body

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  check   assign
truth:  check   requests

test:  vector -> expression restricted a string .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  sum   estimates
truth:  sum   squares

test:  decrypt encrypted_data using aes .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   restoring
truth:  decrypt   data

test:  get warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  get   stopped
truth:  get   statistics

test:  given an instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  declaration_specifiers : type_qualifier .
truth: empty : . 
test:  empty   pulls
truth:  empty   null

test:  creates a single graph of the fasta file .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  construct   publish
truth:  construct   graph

test:  assert that all arrays of a matrix .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  throw   expr
truth:  throw   valueerror

test:  turn any invalid characters in a string .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  remove   shared
truth:  remove   string

test:  get a course and *right* for the given user .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  process a single key-value errors that provide a dict of data for the packet .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  iterate a function to invoke retries .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  function   relies
truth:  function   logic

test:  convert a standard dispatch dict .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  send   fixes
truth:  send   manager

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  just do the cix count .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  use source field to move organization account to false .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  parse a query header .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  startup   lstrip
truth:  startup   set

test:  get determine if a loop is inside the loop .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   kill
truth:  given   datasource

test:  get all the schema of a schema .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  test   parameterize
truth:  test   integers

test:  determine if a path is crossing inside another segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  get file encoding and encoding from content .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  try   unifies
truth:  try   encoding

test:  get a l{deferred} .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  determine   imageidfield
truth:  determine   debugging

test:  given a field instance .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   shut
truth:  returns   checker

test:  update the named ports ports ports .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  set   edit
truth:  set   ports

test:  call smart definition with nodes and clean the right attribute .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  remove   downgrades
truth:  remove   point

test:  helper function for setting an decoded package .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return a comment and the response and comment and comment and comment .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  retrieve   iterates
truth:  retrieve   comment

test:  migrate the database to version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  we try to mock an error .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  decode a string into an unicode string .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  ensures our headers to fix a single string .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  retrieves the most appropriate configuration urls for a given attribute .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  removes email address information .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  split a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  parameters _type : list of strings to be included in fn .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   display
truth:  test   print

test:  helper function to redirect global output from the logs .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  redirects   feeds
truth:  redirects   stderr

test:  checks if dipy is not found .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test whether fourier_series of assumptions is ignored .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  gets the current maintenance state for a given database database .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   reencrypt
truth:  get   start

test:  create the file contents and write contents to it .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  determine if the given text has named key .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  convert any tokens in struct_or_union or a token token to bytestrings .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether the email should be placed to use .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  returns the version .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  browse the page with saml .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  open   equate
truth:  open   browser

test:  determines whether the request is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  return the textile specified by a constant value .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  function   offset
truth:  function   parameters

test:  returns a gradient of the qgradient of a variable .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   responds
truth:  queries   database

test:  attempts to correct barcode .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the timeout has changed .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  redirects to /{{=request page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  named   usage_key_string
truth:  named   view

test:  return a testsuite that has the given testsuite .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  visit   carry
truth:  visit   test

test:  return a list of submodules to all the submodules in the package .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  this is a windows regqueryvalueex function in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  calls   calculate
truth:  calls   windows

test:  return path to the testfile file .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  make an image of barriers or exif .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  serialize an socks header .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  serialize   encapsulate
truth:  serialize   instance

test:  tests retrieving a clean environment variables .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  tests   dos
truth:  tests   search

test:  ensure that tabbing after ident .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  rendering   regroups
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network to a network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   clones
truth:  reset   server

test:  make a control string from an external binary representation of a _sunder_ variable .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  turn   shared
truth:  turn   string

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  ensure   reuse
truth:  ensure   endpoints

test:  return a list of all known known to the system .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  this will store the current timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  stores   stores
truth:  stores   name

test:  creates an internal matrix .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   carves
truth:  creates   constraint

test:  create a user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  somebody disconnected from the homepage .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   share
truth:  connected   homepage

test:  checks if a source factor matrix is isomorphic .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  determines   joins
truth:  determines   cluster

test:  download a zip plugin file .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  download   identifies
truth:  download   plugin

test:  display a commit message .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  create   disappear
truth:  create   commit

test:  tests whether a directory has a large ending .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  sorts the sort algorithm in a list into pivot .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  return all schema information associated with a given user .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  call a command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  test cases: and writing of solution .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  upgrade all ovs records for the given pool .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  migrate   restoring
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get complete group from pillar group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  standard maxima test for maxima maxima .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  returns the subgraph induced by nodes .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   initalize
truth:  return   k

test:  serialize the given object into a native dict .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  serialize   enhanced
truth:  serialize   object

test:  returns whether the wcs flag is loaded .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the notifier of a installed ipython .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  read rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  create a document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   command
truth:  create   session

test:  lettuce can .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  default   turn
truth:  default   case

test:  gets sid from the specified security group name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  helper function to remove environ from the current environ .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  modify   unquoting
truth:  modify   environment

test:  using 20 tweets from the streaming streaming api .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  sample   supplied
truth:  sample   api

test:  works like :func:has_request_context but for the provided results .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  subtract polynomials in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  set the sound groups of sound .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  modifies   inits
truth:  modifies   security

test:  we can get here to check for the alternative .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  prints   wake
truth:  prints   msg

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   extract
truth:  removes   version

test:  do any implementation of the gp_generation .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  replace   supplied
truth:  replace   api

test:  return true if the instance profile is in teams .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  download hive-site from current user and return a dictionary with the version .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  splits a path into .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  constructs   define
truth:  constructs   path

test:  helper method for finding bytes that gets capitalized capitalized .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  removes a database from the database .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  stores a binary file as binary .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  compute a multiply .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   transliterate
truth:  compute   variable

test:  it returns true if the given character is overlap with the specified name .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  arrange the mouse on the remote .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  select   pick
truth:  select   callback

test:  returns whether a review can delete the user can delete .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wait for a vm to return .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  assert needles needles by calling needles until all needles files are met .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  assert   corrupts
truth:  assert   terms

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a flat top window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  returns the page from a path .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  resolves   define
truth:  resolves   path

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   binhexed
truth:  execute   tests

test:  update a lineage in config lineage .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  get cloudwatchevents for the :meth:command_list_begin() .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  sort multiple courses by a course .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sorts   disconnect
truth:  sorts   courses

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  pulls   corresponding
truth:  pulls   wheel

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django of a chain .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  updates   proposed
truth:  updates   chain

test:  decorator to locked create volume .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  lock   break
truth:  lock   operations

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  cancels   pulls
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts a label to a mpls label .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   inhibit
truth:  converts   label

test:  reads an error message from the provided xml file .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  test   exit
truth:  test   handling

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  check   deserializes
truth:  check   pyenv

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  returns a search dict with information about the collection rights .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  halt the execution of a different spawned thread .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  suspend   vms
truth:  suspend   thread

test:  standard or docked interactive window .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  returns the powerlaw sequence .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   returned
truth:  returns   numbers

test:  check if the line contains the public width of the line .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   small_stmts
truth:  checks   line

test:  returns a pair of whether or not the report on the backend for the request was made by the request .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  parse   sign
truth:  parse   pair

test:  sets a float .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  alter   pings
truth:  alter   behavior

test:  get the top level of package script .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  paging request section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  paging   alignment
truth:  paging   section

test:  perform the covariance m step for mstep .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  returns the url to api .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update dstpath from srcpath in dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  list the packages on the device .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  builds a topic .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   stops
truth:  create   topic

test:  generates a cache instance for the given key .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  xor   currents
truth:  xor   state

test:  return pagination .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  return the zero of a zero zero or more tensor .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  given   destroy
truth:  given   dtype

test:  get media descriptors user_data .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   prompt
truth:  get   locator

test:  python 2 .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  returns   preserve
truth:  returns   int

test:  encode a list .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   export
truth:  encode   tuple

test:  parse and return the result of the provided object .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  print   update
truth:  print   knowledge

test:  find a size of files .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an integer to a rational float .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   making
truth:  converts   float

test:  a dummy url with a seeother .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  pulls   asserting
truth:  pulls   redirect

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  n-dimensional little function for histogram .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   format
truth:  converts   parameter

test:  downloads a get request to progress response using a requests extends .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  reverse a song search of functions .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  reverse   limiting
truth:  reverse   order

test:  returns the maximum -flow path from aspath by aspath .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  returns an immmutable nodeset which is the first iterable of an iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  turns   restrict
truth:  turns   array

test:  return the correct template language .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   pulls
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  generate a naive datetime .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  iterate over the default context .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  provide   pings
truth:  provide   behavior

test:  calculate md5sum of the md5 checksum of a string .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  md5sum   trying
truth:  md5sum   basestring

test:  print single transactions .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  on currently openerp error .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  prefix   randomise
truth:  prefix   message

test:  update the config file family .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  start a celery process .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  pulls   polishing
truth:  pulls   celery

test:  adds a valueerror fields to the given spec .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  add   labeled
truth:  add   file

test:  enforce a nice structure on the configuration files .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  just a private key on a specific value .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  manage   wheter
truth:  manage   existence

test:  deactivate all certificates for students whose certificate params is students in the certificate .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  regenerate   allocate
truth:  regenerate   user

test:  return the path to a vector .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  pulls   smooth
truth:  pulls   vector

test:  populate a row and yield pairs of the given row .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  populate   highlight
truth:  populate   row

test:  write a table as a normal fixed width table .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  creates a life .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   blocking
truth:  merge   outputs

test:  provides a list of typename that can be clean from settings and respond to allowed .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  only load this module if pygithub is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this function computes the end date and fetches a string to the desired registry .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  fetch all files in a folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  compute gradient of the style gradient for each node .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | function field_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove all references from the current tenant .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clears   fitnesse
truth:  clears   events

test:  test that write a condition for a full ndarray .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  sometimes with markdown description .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  setup the provied os .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   emit
truth:  setup   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  generate a csv for a series of rewrites: .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  figure   review
truth:  figure   keys

test:  escape a single line .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replaces   flashes
truth:  replaces   characters

test:  clears a previously set field override for the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  remove   tile
truth:  remove   information

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  turn a rule into a tree of expressions .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   put
truth:  compose   rules

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a function used to track the average of a function .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  look up the quickstart-web of the server .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a diff of twisted diff between endpoints and target[i] .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  diff   skip
truth:  diff   difference

test:  returns a relative module *modname* .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  input   encapsulate
truth:  input   instance

test:  samples from memory .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  gets a entity from an entity .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  ignore   turn
truth:  ignore   case

test:  cleanup temporary files .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   forced
truth:  cleanup   artifacts

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  selected a remote command to the remote server .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  transfer   pulls
truth:  transfer   null

test:  given a url that may or may not contain a query parameter .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  try to convert an object into the id .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the mean of the next series is farther than three datapoints .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  checks why map and selection names .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   popup
truth:  test   effects

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return true if the object is an instance of x .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  just returns the currency symbol as a string .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  adds   duplicates
truth:  adds   symbol

test:  determine if shuffler service available on the configuration .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  deletes a key from etcd .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  deletes   listen
truth:  deletes   key

test:  check if boto library has required version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  returns a httpresponse for the incident .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  url   overlap
truth:  url   encode

test:  check that the gcrs systems give answers are explicitly frames as a number of .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  cms controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  construct an leafs from the package name .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  return   compresses
truth:  return   statement

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - immediately around parentheses .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  when a class is adding or clears the decorated function with the given name .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  monkeypatch   walks
truth:  monkeypatch   metaclass

test:  copy data and ensures that it is not none .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  flatten a dict of applications scheme .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  convert   mutes
truth:  convert   app

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  fill   reported
truth:  fill   function

test:  return the root directory root of the hadoop site .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  return   sql

test:  ip_address_string -> bin do not apply various parameters .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  download urls for a new url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  check download_dir for incomplete file .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  number of ids based on the given db .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  search   dos
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  retrieve the state data from the salt master and display it custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   restoring
truth:  retrieve   data

test:  queries the number of eeg elements along the forward gateway .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  list   undoes
truth:  list   routes

test:  return the weighted weighted array of weighted students .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  compute   applies
truth:  compute   percentile

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   clones
truth:  initialize   server

test:  jump_statement : goto id semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read 16bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   cleaning
truth:  read   matrix

test:  run before displaying hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  executed   batch
truth:  executed   code

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the generalized laguerre polynomial points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   pushing
truth:  load   model

test:  apply a function with a specific command .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  bind   instantiate
truth:  bind   arguments

test:  check if were running via a file .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  some obj were mapped to handle .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps a function if theres a fits class with the same name .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  return the path to the toplevel_dir toplevel job id .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  starting   pulls
truth:  starting   null

test:  creates the directory for the mkdir mkdir .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  return a list of relative filenames for the given coverage .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  applies one clip to the result of the given image .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  transforms   pair
truth:  transforms   photo

test:  get a filter to check if a group snapshot is being created from a cg .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  get   hits
truth:  get   filter

test:  return a list of file names of the active certificates that are currently installed on the system .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prints the current user for the given token .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  iterate   emit
truth:  iterate   access

test:  convert a django data structure to camel .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  convert   clusters
truth:  convert   camel

test:  function to get the same function from either miximum or a meth .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test getting completion for bash sources .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  test   enable
truth:  test   bash

test:  test that the external and the js with a javascript column** and the configs for the files in js .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  decorator for functions that require *any* authentication .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  pulls   share
truth:  pulls   homepage

test:  returns a dictionary product after merging the current sites configuration and the default value .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  take a module and return a collection of parameters from the api parameters .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  yaml: validating a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  runs evaluation in a loop .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  transfer events to collection .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  transfer   reallocation
truth:  transfer   collection

test:  returns a list of the facet items for the current facet items .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  unassign a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  return v1 array of size v2 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  correlation   host
truth:  correlation   numpy

test:  searches all matching search for the specified search .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  searches   clones
truth:  searches   server

test:  channel indication section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return a llvm constant representing array of a constant .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   restrict
truth:  create   array

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   converted
truth:  define   block

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  calculate the power of a matrix .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  raise   cleaning
truth:  raise   matrix

test:  convert aware :class:~datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  set   suggests
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  expand a path into its file with ~user and env var expansion applied .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  provides   define
truth:  provides   path

test:  ensure that the document can nodedent a mock document .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  dedent   pulls
truth:  dedent   null

test:  return a file path as an absolute system-specific .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  resolve   hanging
truth:  resolve   variables

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  reset to cached languages .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  reset   changes
truth:  reset   languages

test:  return an array of parameters .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   substitute
truth:  parse   records

test:  return true if the given node seems to be imported .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  check   venonats
truth:  check   try

test:  orv == orv == orv(intersection) .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get attribute of qualified error .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  returns a dictionary mapping server-wwns .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  run geonodes private key .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  testing the colorful output of many features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  print the output file from a subprocess .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  removes fs files .
truth: many builds . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  create cookie fields from db .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  creates   responds
truth:  creates   database

test:  prints a services for the given type .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  make sure that a specific value is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  disable   unmask
truth:  disable   profiles

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  this decorator is used to increase in a transaction .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a cost cost flow of the graph .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   hash
truth:  return   flow

test:  create the full theme inheritance function .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  extends over messages .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the lists of the file .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  returns option .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   capa
truth:  get   circle

test:  log a message usage:: log the root logger .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  return a list of all available kernel cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  add system .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  add   fixes
truth:  add   manager

test:  extract exercises version from rendred version string .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   been
truth:  extracts   format

test:  run a wsgi application which runs a wsgi application in a subprocess .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns whether the user is in the plugins .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   learns
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the configuration options passed in the master genrepo .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns a list of the names of all rabbitmq plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test bucket .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  r^2 r^2 .
truth: compress json . 
test:  compress   aliased
truth:  compress   json

test:  context manager to temporarily saved sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  make   inputhook
truth:  make   sys

test:  create srt .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  account   activate
truth:  account   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  use netmiko to change the password on pynet-rtr2 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  returns a dictionary of child trees .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  pulls   mocks
truth:  pulls   scores

test:  perform some information on an rapid .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  check the length of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  searches the current vmx command for the folder specified in the datacenter .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a list with the given swaps .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  reverse a reverse of pairs .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  reverse   validating
truth:  reverse   clause

test:  adds an answer to the list of answers .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  resolves   pulls
truth:  resolves   null

test:  on balance .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  correlation   adds
truth:  correlation   r

test:  turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  modify all published in admin position for editing .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   unsqueeze
truth:  verifies   fixtures

test:  return true if the object is a code object .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  process a number of files .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   automate
truth:  process   traffic

test:  returns url of posts for the request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the compiled list of all filters defined in config .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  returns a list of sample ids of mapping file of data of mapping file .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  flags   pulls
truth:  flags   null

test:  regression test for url .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  clone a repository to a repository clone .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  builds a script that we toggle the django test cases .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  ensure a specific subnet group exists within the given subnet .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  parse and extract request from request .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  try   knapsack
truth:  try   request

test:  read a table with no data for col table and a cib-file with the col reader .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  fixed   bounds
truth:  fixed   table

test:  compute the dot product of a to one tensor .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  get an deconvolution list of handler for the given list of intersect .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  creates a configuration for a task .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   hits
truth:  create   filter

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  merge one or more includes a includes own includes a single includes .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  prompt the value of a user .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  joins a value of a key and returns a tuple of .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  verifies we can complete to builtins .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  ensure   constrain
truth:  ensure   attribute

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in savez .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   attributes
truth:  saves   arrays

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   ellipsoid
truth:  remove   pool

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse missing_check device info .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   populating
truth:  parse   info

test:  restores the configuration to the database .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  simple matrix integration .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  fixture that provides the test dataset .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  project   forgot
truth:  project   project

test:  ensure coordinate .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  validate the module .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  inspect the received list of input tuples and return all tool shed a dictionary of the values for decorating dependency .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get the major version of the python version .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  returns a string identifying the version of the bundled version .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test exception model creation .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  extract a set of files and remove the provided list of files .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  verify   switch
truth:  verify   list

test:  show the youtube message for the current urls .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   resultant
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a small graph using the given graph .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  return data passed into singular values .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   acquiring
truth:  return   bessel

test:  extract the port spec for an address .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  parse   preloading
truth:  parse   host

test:  redirects the user to main oauth arguments home or excluded .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  have   limiting
truth:  have   order

test:  change the root directory root .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  initial callback - invoked after the login callback .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check matrix of dimension color dim is of the matrix color .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of images for the given exploration .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   coordinates
truth:  given   exploration

test:  this method applies django to the specified location .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  returns   score
truth:  returns   staff

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  load a bootstrap bootstrap module .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  import   batch
truth:  import   code

test:  create a low-level service of the given configuration .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  load the classifier predict .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  returns a slice at index from the list .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached process .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  returns whether a review needs to be used .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  split a single tag tags into a group for a given tag .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  extract   drawing
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  create a zfs storagepool .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns an int or an int .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  return   chown
truth:  return   loop

test:  parameters sequence x : list split returns a function split : bool split .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  map   reveal
truth:  map   sequence

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  yields all submodules and roots in a roots .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  crumb for a date .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  ensures that the deployment deployment is present and creates a new deployment .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  is it a directory containing all parent directories in the given directory into the file into the directory *dest* .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  discard trailing source from sources .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup bench for user .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  add   switch
truth:  add   list

test:  test reading and writing of trans files .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create a function of extra result in a maxima array .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return static file help web help .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   xfail
truth:  return   help

test:  like np .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  allocate   reconstructs
truth:  allocate   ndarray

test:  save a task definition as a dict .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  a vastly ssl socket .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests that we have a refactoringtool for a few fixer .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate find_config_files counts for the given sidebar and clear .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return all users by name cli example: .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  align the 32 bit of f .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   pulls
truth:  align   null

test:  delete the tags from an elb .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  add   drawing
truth:  add   tags

test:  create and return a widget instance .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get agent build .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   reading
truth:  get   agent

test:  return whether the input is a nofollow .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  modify vm_state extensions .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  link to a message in the issue .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  define quit and exit code .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  dummy function to construct an ordered hash of a given field .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  issue #32 describes the catalog .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  list of currently connected fields for a network api .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  only load this module if pygithub is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   assign
truth:  load   requests

test:  create keyring according to cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  get a prefix for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  creates the internal spec for tests .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  add a simulated caching to a response .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  returns true if the given node is eligible for the node .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  check   looping
truth:  check   node

test:  returns information about the gating score for the specified course .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrocompatible wrapper .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  compute a affect within a neighbor within a given graph .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  find   logs
truth:  find   vertices

test:  converts a posix timestamp into a datetime object .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   containing
truth:  create   ip

test:  parse a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  scale and scale gradient into left gaussian model .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  scale   pulls
truth:  scale   null

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars characters .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   preprocessing
truth:  generate   char

test:  gets a sample x .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  samples   reported
truth:  samples   function

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   pts
truth:  sends   rpc

test:  call eager of eager for rpc .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove the directory .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  decorate all nodes in a tree .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  function   sparks
truth:  function   number

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  sets the list of sql sqlite cli example: .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  a context manager to be run a threadsafe file .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   phred
truth:  clear   caches

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  a room that is a little more advanced .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  pulls   assigned
truth:  pulls   room

test:  in case of the stack is ignored .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  stack   switch
truth:  stack   list

test:  save an image to disk .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  showing   forwards
truth:  showing   image

test:  validates that the value of a fancyarrowpatch can be filled in the fancyarrowpatch :raises: .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   format
truth:  validate   parameter

test:  calculate threshold value based on wtform output .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   rrmgr
truth:  return   threshold

test:  processing processing of a persistent command .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  print   preload
truth:  print   content

test:  decorator to perform a method or method .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  make   float
truth:  make   decorator

test:  construct a sample from an sample info string .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  a regularized body for the genelatex based on body .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  generate   pass
truth:  generate   document

test:  make sure cookies are changed correctly .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   fileformat
truth:  test   self

test:  create a simp .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  takes   corrupts
truth:  takes   terms

test:  for a vbl .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wed -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters converted to lowercase .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  return   modified
truth:  return   lowercase

test:  verifies the x509 verify .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  validate   gunzip
truth:  validate   certificates

test:  list all compute compute host or host to a host cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  disconnect   grouping
truth:  disconnect   system

test:  validate and return a validator value for option of type in the class .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  update a specific attributes .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  set up the nodes of a nested root node .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  prepare   increase
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  hide out if a process is a list of dictionaries .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  accepts   svn
truth:  accepts   dicts

test:  linearly constrained minimum iir model .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  initialize the logger for the proxy .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  logs   reported
truth:  logs   function

test:  reconstruct skeleton from different values of a different variable .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  reconstruct   bench
truth:  reconstruct   value

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  create greyscale python module .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  point   attempt
truth:  point   extension

test:  gets the policy for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  converts a string to a date .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  decorator for api login in order to make sure the driver is not a driver .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  ensure   trending
truth:  ensure   driver

test:  creates a channel for an rpc service .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  creates   overrides
truth:  creates   channel

test:  returns a static web filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  runs the javascript of the js application .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   files
truth:  run   check

test:  returns a dictionary of command line option .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  apply   xfail
truth:  apply   help

test:  clone a new overlay profile .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  gather   plan
truth:  gather   profile

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convert a file or folder name to a relative file .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  test installing from a simple extras test .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  only works on the device .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  apply a function to a record in the tree .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  when the python task is run .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  flattens a list of integers .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  given   popup
truth:  given   effects

test:  search for user in emails .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return the hex hex of a css file .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  shorten   dump
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer | integer .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   round
truth:  computes   polynomials

test:  escape any value of a dictionary .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escapes   gauss
truth:  escapes   strings

test:  returns the central transformation of the central central vector .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   rescanning
truth:  return   weights

test:  convenience to create a placeholder .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  encrypt data to a json aes key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  only work on darwin with moduleonlyworksonmac .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  returns an array of model items that correspond to the selected qtreewidgetitem children .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  plot the linear month of the month and axes .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  returns a portrait .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  computes the initial state with an initial taps .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  wrap   transliterate
truth:  wrap   variable

test:  show the current image .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  create and write contents to a file .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  returns a sqlalchemy model class for the given kwargs .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  convert a string to a kernel name .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  attempt   shared
truth:  attempt   string

test:  assumes that stringio transcripts transcripts from doctype and returns a list of available transcripts .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  replaces   documents
truth:  replaces   transcripts

test:  convert a file path to local url .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  clears globally installed manager .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clear   synchronizes
truth:  clear   callbacks

test:  destroy the given elastic raise if not found .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  marks   pulls
truth:  marks   null

test:  noise to contain a links argument to contain a <script> argument .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replaces   utf-8
truth:  replaces   argument

test:  convert a string into a bitlist .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  transform   shared
truth:  transform   string

test:  set the http set of web role on a specific connection .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  makes   extract
truth:  makes   version

test:  assignment_expression : unary_expression assignment_operator assignment_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns a consensus parameter alphabet .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  join a list into a single axis .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an ipv4 non-breaking zone to a zone .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  convert a list of keys to a list of keys .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  maintain   switch
truth:  maintain   list

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  validate the settings of the facebook messages on the settings .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  checks   lambda
truth:  checks   django

test:  formats the output of s3 index .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  formats   emits
truth:  formats   definition

test:  initiate a redirects request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   knapsack
truth:  initiate   request

test:  edit a job .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   slave_open
truth:  edit   media

test:  computes the squared corresponding to the specified relationship .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  computes   assuming
truth:  computes   norm

test:  revoke a signal by loading it from another task .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  terminate   requesting
truth:  terminate   i

test:  converts an arbitrary object into a class for use in a class .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  a decorator that adds a function to the expected bug in sys .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  pulls   left
truth:  pulls   bug

test:  implement the y lookup .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  find the first add containing a list of strings .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  ensures that exploration for exploration values are made for the exploration .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return a copy of func .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  executes   exposes
truth:  executes   values

test:  wrapper to apply to an script .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  resolve conflicts .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolves   stores
truth:  resolves   name

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  aux function .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  compute   permutates
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  tell whether an expression is odd to the rsa <mean_squared_log_error> .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  return   sends
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the password of a user cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  reset   reduced
truth:  reset   cli

test:  given a list of paths and a list of paths to find all files in sys .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  finds   ip
truth:  finds   paths

test:  add hosts to label hosts .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   prefilled
truth:  add   hosts

test:  returns password .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  convenience function for returning multiple topic tree nodes for use in rendering content .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  a dummy function to three datasets .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  index   intended
truth:  index   letter

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  enable   r^2
truth:  enable   form

test:  not all of pyobjc and python understand unicode paths very well yet .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  pulls   picks
truth:  pulls   reason

test:  returns the clique complement of the graph .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  find   direct
truth:  find   clique

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   querying
truth:  callback   actions

test:  yaml: bitbucket trigger builds at certain times .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a dictionary of dictionaries to a tupleize dict .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  convert   forbid
truth:  convert   options

test:  get the inset inset points .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  compresses a form field and returns its data .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  save   r^2
truth:  save   form

test:  read a tag of production bytes from the given file .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   meet
truth:  test   legend

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  return information about a dns os cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  api endpoint for tests .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert altz to utctz .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  insert a new entry under a specific endpoint .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  run the system command .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  get an integer instance of integer .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  list available zones for the specified profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  gets the key id for an alias .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  helper function to carry over the "x" .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  get all registered modules .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  compute a efficiently tolerance .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  validate a csr .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   sleep
truth:  validate   files

test:  fixture providing a fake stub stub for win_id 'window' .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  test %reset in reset .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   consists
truth:  test   reset

test:  escapes a screen .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  gets the current gdb which is used in a gdb file .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make the jobs for the given segments .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  return the alias string for the alias .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  return a poem 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  checks if a dhcp options exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  check   cause
truth:  check   option

test:  quote meta-characters in a given css function .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  return the markdown text of a file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  deletes the given api key .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  it can run all apps with app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  returns value rounded up to precision .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  rounding   gauss
truth:  rounding   strings

test:  use this to write an object to a file upload .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the requested movie play player object .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   imsave
truth:  run   profiler

test:  creates a template for a resource .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  removes a record .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   clip
truth:  remove   record

test:  looks up the extraction extraction .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  recursively apply a serializer to each of its errors .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  give   generate
truth:  give   users

test:  clean up the state of the global instance .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  resets   currents
truth:  resets   state

test:  decorator that checks if user has global global .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  trash trash .
truth: remove message . 
test:  remove   randomise
truth:  remove   message

test:  check if the provided headers is websocket .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  determine   lstrip
truth:  determine   set

test:  reloads all the sub-directories .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   sleep
truth:  print   files

test:  main program .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  run   mutes
truth:  run   app

test:  max pooling pool .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   restores
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  check if a file is relative to the given file name :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns docinfo arguments .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  make sure hponcfg tool is accessible .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  return a dict mapping field proxies to their callback .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  returns a functionloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  this function is called by evennia .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  this is a listener which is several web implementation .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  helper function for checking if theres a subset of patterns .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  take a string and return a list of environment data based .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  update a user in dict .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   allocate
truth:  update   user

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  compute gcd of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  construct   indicate
truth:  construct   polynomial

test:  test that we can get apps when a test version .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  find a new workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  activate   initializing
truth:  activate   trigger

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  when a user has been created .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   decide
truth:  add   groups

test:  retrieve user dict from provided username or username provided .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  for a single integer in decode_header() .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  get   export
truth:  get   tuple

test:  integrate plugins to the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   colorized
truth:  integrate   context

test:  returns a random value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  creates a temporary file that will open atomic and returns the blocks .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  works   pulls
truth:  works   null

test:  computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   undeploy
truth:  computes   prs

test:  retry a function and http attempts to retry .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the unhandled unhandled .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the hardware architecture of the current machine .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  load a file .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  convert a fits record array to a fits record .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   simulate
truth:  convert   spec

test:  gets a unique name for a resource .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  if there is a remains matrix .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  checks   were
truth:  checks   property

test:  builds dummy disk spec for builds .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   hostname
truth:  builds   vm

test:  returns an error string with all the given error code .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  simulate   flip
truth:  simulate   python

test:  modifies a view function so that it will exempt from the csrf response .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  convert a pd .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   matching
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  same as a bcpy b .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   collecting
truth:  copy   b

test:  computes a random signature of encoded and secret .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  calculate   tell
truth:  calculate   signature

test:  returns the number of non-masked elements of an array .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for small p .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  if a user id or a username is a username .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  returns a call to call a user for the oauth request .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  makes   pts
truth:  makes   rpc

test:  returns a sort field for test cases where clause is true .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   guessing
truth:  create   namespace

test:  restful crud comments - used by gis in gis .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  a view that ensures that its guaranteed mobile op .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  set the vbox_guest module if the os linux .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  parses a single text and return a _schema object .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   unroll
truth:  parse   steps

test:  draw a network diagram in a multiprocess file .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   killed
truth:  draws   network

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  converts a string to a list of common group- .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  decorator to ensure the execution is properly referenced .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  if the machine is valid .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   multistringwidget
truth:  return   win32

test:  this function is /etc/modprobe .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  batch   deregister
truth:  batch   jobs

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   labels
truth:  return   transform

test:  downloads url .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   access
truth:  downloads   url

test:  email to notify thread creation for the provided note that the recipients has been updated .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  set the api running sabnzbd instance user == true .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   given
truth:  set   register

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   fitnesse
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs summary of data .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns a dict mapping file to document every documents in the document .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  walk   pulls
truth:  walk   null

test:  returns the filename of a resource .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  test get_version() when invalid json is invalid .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  uncomment transaction probability .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  execute   view
truth:  execute   q

test:  get the md5 checksum of a list of singletons and common distributions .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  produce a short hashing algorithm .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   hover
truth:  test   bytes

test:  status edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : rule lt expr | rule | rule | rule gt rule | rule div rule | rule lt rule | rule eq rule .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes the upper component of a component of the form where ip uses the upper triangular of the component is .
truth: clean component . 
test:  clean   msg
truth:  clean   component

test:  forces header headers to the response headers .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   review
truth:  encode   keys

test:  return the actual site url for the provided site .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get a set of packages .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  returns   simplifies
truth:  returns   packages

test:  empty trash .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  empty   suggest
truth:  empty   folder

test:  return function for whether or not the threaded function func is threaded .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  test that the hash hashing method returns the hash .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  puts data as a boolean array of named values .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  convert   inplace
truth:  convert   ovs

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  parse the documentation string into a document .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  create   loved
truth:  create   doc

test:  recursively recursive glob glob .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  walk   resample
truth:  walk   directories

test:  test calc_footprint of points .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   smash
truth:  test   corner

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the given list of values .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   preface
truth:  returns   degree

test:  update the collection of functions in the list of completions .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   gzipped
truth:  update   completion

test:  returns a dictionary of utf8 metadata as a attribute .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  fixes   constrain
truth:  fixes   attribute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  destroy a worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  prepare the javascript function .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  input   decorating
truth:  input   log

test:  a factory function designed to generate a deterministic backend .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a list of file data files in the current directory .
truth: by default . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  outputs the first variable passed in a file .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  remove the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  convert a mac address in printable format to an ipv6 address as a mac address .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   iuploader
truth:  reverse   lookup

test:  make a module from an module .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  regression test for classes that dont raise a while passing errors .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  capture   allocate
truth:  capture   user

test:  register a new output with a new output .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  registers   override
truth:  registers   converter

test:  release an interface to a device .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   paging
truth:  release   interface

test:  make sure the stonith commands works on a dot cluster .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   negate
truth:  ensure   resource

test:  displays all the actions in a given template .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   querying
truth:  render   actions

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if a matrix is hermitian .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  checks   cleaning
truth:  checks   matrix

test:  verifying the output with expected results for inverse logarithmic correction with expected nan .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   flattens
truth:  verifying   output

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   contrasts
truth:  sign   digest

test:  enable the rdp service and make sure access to the rdp port is disabled in the firewall configuration .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  a decorator to async version of 'propagation' .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  make sure input reader ignores before interactive input .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dummy function .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes to json string .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  pickle   bench
truth:  pickle   value

test:  merge the data into a single mapping .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  copy   svn
truth:  copy   dicts

test:  determine if the object is a mt .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  check   profile
truth:  check   theme

test:  filter out nonsemantic index on the command line .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write a message to the logs buffer .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  adds   checking
truth:  adds   logs

test:  clear the environment pythonpath and all commands .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  checks if a keyspace exists in cassandra cluster .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  check   sorting
truth:  check   keyspace

test:  reduce a generator .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  reduces   exposes
truth:  reduces   values

test:  check that the path to a relative path .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  returns a list of partitions from a partition of the given size .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  pulls   collects
truth:  pulls   count

test:  define quit and exit code .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return the file closest directory of scrapy .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  print error messages in error .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  return a color which has the given value .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  creates multiple links .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  test unique join .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   input_string
truth:  test   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  this is just a helper method for testing .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  close logger .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  closes   lets
truth:  closes   handler

test:  backup links for an existing page .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  check for mysql if mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   fleiss
truth:  check   mysql

test:  a decorator for deleting artifacts from a number of artifacts .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  ensure we get error arguments .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   capturing
truth:  ensure   error

test:  move a file or directory cli example: .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  derivative of x can be either a number of steps or predictions and the number of vector3s .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute the linear scalings function of the scalings tunnel .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   see
truth:  compute   factors

test:  returns the current user .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  based   pulls
truth:  based   null

test:  plots the day of the quotes .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  this:: a function of easier against their contents of a univariate function of the same function as the first call in place .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  solves   construct
truth:  solves   kind

test:  whether django-storages is a same .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  decorator for functions that output a nested instance to cache its result .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  cache   forms
truth:  cache   result

test:  helper function to start a server:port server and extract them .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  validate the constraints option for the supplied model .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  get the float .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   from_value
truth:  get   cascade

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return secret_key of your app .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   mutes
truth:  return   app

test:  unpickle privileges from running explicitly .
truth: main loop . 
test:  loop   chown
truth:  loop   loop

test:  create an api request for a single api call .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   parse
truth:  perform   jid

test:  create a template file from a file .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  require   bartels
truth:  require   contents

test:  returns the zcr update for a given argparse frame .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   formatted
truth:  computes   rate

test:  pickleable by scaling for the v3 table .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  verify that nictag info appears to connect to nictag .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  efficiently multiply f in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   solving
truth:  evaluate   composition

test:  dump android statistics .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  combine   unmask
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a path with a forms relative path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  update ports .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  use obj that decode the last truncate function to truncate after the last ms .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  apply a introspection query string to a query .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  truncate by 1 .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns whether obj is a descriptor or not .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  get a list of users from a user .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a single mountroot for this module .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  given the project .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  shortcut   permutes
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  creates a n-queens matrix where each median and diagonals are drawn from diagonals .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  construct multiple partitions from a list of partitions .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  specify   regroup
truth:  specify   subsets

test:  load an eauth token from a google storage .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  retrieves   enhanced
truth:  retrieves   object

test:  test updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  test   analyze
truth:  test   copy

test:  retrieve a list of volumes bindings for the couchdb volume .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  creates group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   autoreleased
truth:  creates   types

test:  read epochs from fif file .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  adds a send flag email task into the task queue .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  adds   coordinates
truth:  adds   exploration

test:  return the romberg point value of a -l matrix .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  start a worker in a wwn .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  return the absolute path of a filename with the same file .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  fetch a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  return true if the structure structure of a memlen structure .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  verify   offset
truth:  verify   parameters

test:  compare two lists of seqrecords agree .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   decoding
truth:  check   lists

test:  return true if the value contains only truthy type and if it is not a valid type or none .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  get a sort string .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  strips   exposes
truth:  strips   values

test:  return a default locale .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  default   raise
truth:  default   term

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  show a product list page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   pulls
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  return a confirmation string to an image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  walk dir trees under dir .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  find the lineage of the block of the given block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  create and register a astroid function .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  gets the default fetch for current thread .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a string representing the version of bindings .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  decorator for functions that require *any* authentication .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the current time as a timezone .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  retrieve   support
truth:  retrieve   time

test:  reindex a symmetric attribute of a python object .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a authentication digest to get a string from a given url .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to amazon connection :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  send db create .
truth: send create database . 
test:  send   responds
truth:  send   database

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a metadef namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  get a list of banded .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  this is called every time the server stops before a reload .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   dos
truth:  return   search

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  discover syslog-ng device name the keyboard commands cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a json manually from the given tag uuid .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  gets   understemmed
truth:  gets   results

test:  helper method to retrieve git csv files .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   track
truth:  get   top

test:  return a list of the profiles of the policy that belong to this minion cli example: .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   unmask
truth:  list   profiles

test:  return list of all information on a postgres server cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  simple dict of lists .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  builds   teardown
truth:  builds   type

test:  encode a string using a url-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the docker prefix for a docker prefix .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  prefix   raising
truth:  prefix   docker

test:  return the current line number in the current encoding .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a protocol instance with the given function .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  wrap   spawns
truth:  wrap   endpoint

test:  convert list of readily into a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  lead field sums .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  pulls   waveform
truth:  pulls   products

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: module view . 
test:  module   usage_key_string
truth:  module   view

test:  specifying basic basic spider .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  command   compose
truth:  command   usage

test:  a technical 500 response page .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert maxfilter-formatted values of f into an int .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  scan an event instance .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return n-dimensional components of n-dimensional array x based on principal components of the components of widths .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  returns the apiapproval .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   small_stmts
truth:  compute   line

test:  search a pattern against all matches in the string .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  search   shared
truth:  search   string

test:  trims an array with data data .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   restoring
truth:  trims   data

test:  find the output of a number of states .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  computes the mean absolute error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  a prefix-based hash of the string .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  display   temperature
truth:  display   date

test:  creates a single table xml .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   autoencoder
truth:  write   xml

test:  position a request to the compatible .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   reported
truth:  checks   function

test:  queues a list of dictionaries .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  connect to the database .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  create a new entry object .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  container_type : map_type | list_type | set_type .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears a current dag instances .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  remove   borrowed
truth:  remove   instances

test:  return fixturemarker of obj .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  get   loved
truth:  get   doc

test:  ensure utf8 bytes .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  return a tuple of tree tuples .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  upload a file-like object to the dataset['url file .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the current username of the current user .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  test installing from a package with a given tag .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  test application .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   tear
truth:  test   module

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  creates bit array out of elements .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a tag .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  refresh the docker inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  download a request to the given file .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  return an unique cache path from the current .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  test a higher where we wont train the model .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a string version of a python object .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove a above device mapping from the devices .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  send   reassemble
truth:  send   compute

test:  decorator to count calls to the decorated level .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  add   reported
truth:  add   function

test:  start the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  return a datetime object for a year .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  a persistent response .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  creates a dict of issues issues in the given dictionary .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  convert   augments
truth:  convert   issues

test:  extracts a list of context current i{sigchld} .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  multiply the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  applies   bench
truth:  applies   value

test:  iterate over all example files and write the resolved files to a directory .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  yield   prettyprint
truth:  yield   examples

test:  this method creates a pytest file .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  add attachment_specs for keypairs field .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  function   flattening
truth:  function   field

test:  decorate a function to decorate a specific event .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  make   loved
truth:  make   doc

test:  splituser --> host .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the pdf module to parse the json configuration .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  configures   aliased
truth:  configures   json

test:  changes the named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  solves the general pythagorean solution from equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  sync and return the modules in the app list .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  sync   mutes
truth:  sync   app

test:  extract images from a single image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extract   dumping
truth:  extract   patch

test:  returns the backend entry for the given backend .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  default   fold
truth:  default   backend

test:  only load if file_recv is enabled .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  run xlsxwriter in "faster" mode .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   based
truth:  converts   address

test:  retrieve the text from the given value .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the path of a binary string .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  prefix   authorizes
truth:  prefix   command

test:  it can run only the specified limit from a subdirectory .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  check that service client tags are available on this system .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   building
truth:  check   tag

test:  return the click-through cost from a click-through space .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  displays the y and data for a cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  create a single sparse matrix of the provided size .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  the test of the squeeze test .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  combine the langage setting for language .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  parses a python group .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  compiles   rising
truth:  compiles   group

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   shut
truth:  register   checker

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  checks two lists of log elements .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  return   chisquare
truth:  return   tuples

test:  recursively wipe disk job nodes from disk .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  wipe   pulls
truth:  wipe   null

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   printing
truth:  return   locale

test:  create a fake .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  get the first occurence of the line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   calculates
truth:  get   vertex

test:  searching for config .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  failed   deregister
truth:  failed   jobs

test:  returns a margin for a margin .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  removes a new plugin from the user .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  removes   identifies
truth:  removes   plugin

test:  turn a list of name=value strings into a complete operator .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  change   looking
truth:  change   operator

test:  create a dense array of the shape of a vector .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  get   restrict
truth:  get   array

test:  return the count of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   bench
truth:  synthesize   value

test:  start dtmf local result .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  delete a managed policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  parse a sample id into separated lines of an sample .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parses   optdict
truth:  parses   lines

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  receives an instance to a new email email .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return the gradient of a process .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   increment
truth:  returns   gradient

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  test for info .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   add
truth:  test   ps

test:  create a snapshot of image .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a "wordpress link" example headers we can parse: link: <url rel=shortlink .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   install
truth:  extract   response

test:  prints a subset of backwards .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  load ip addresses from network .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  load   scaled
truth:  load   queue

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   switch
truth:  removes   list

test:  get a list of connection objects .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  ensure that we are running in working_copy() .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  make   unparsing
truth:  make   git

test:  displays the bluetooth device on the device cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  sets a new thread name for the thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  test if we are not in the strong of a larger machine .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  is   downgrades
truth:  is   point

test:  imports from a file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  test ask for finite .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  start the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  creates an xml string from the xml class .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  morerules : morerules | ruleitem | ruleitem | morerules | stmt .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  unload metadefinitions from the ipython extension .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  unload   attempt
truth:  unload   extension

test:  get all rules for a given security group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   put
truth:  count   rules

test:  plot a influence in figure based on host .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   pushing
truth:  plot   model

test:  copy a file to a remote tunnel and writes it to a remote tunnel .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  test fit a regression using a 2) 2) + .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  entry point for the script .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  set   exit
truth:  set   handling

test:  returns the number of all octet groups in the string .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  helper function for searching for use in narrow code .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  carves up a mime_type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  run a synchronous query w/ timeout .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   xlsx
truth:  run   query

test:  alert types: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add allocated_id to the meta table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   search
truth:  add   d

test:  yaml: builds builds a job when we have a builds with fingerprinter .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  pulls   proposed
truth:  pulls   chain

test:  atom : tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   pulls
truth:  atom   null

test:  find the first count of paragraphs .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  returns   re
truth:  returns   paragraphs

test:  returns a redirect to the session .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  recursively resolve x and apply to an object .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   enhanced
truth:  resolve   object

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  takes a list of tuples of the package that belong to the local resources cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  create a new project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  make filename .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  extract corpus from maxid .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  convert a dedicated .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   dumping
truth:  convert   patch

test:  parse out configuration .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   float
truth:  returns   decorator

test:  return hex hash of the distribution .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  pull progress_precent .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  receive   prioritized
truth:  receive   messages

test:  see if there is any nth synapses .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  changes the jingo_minify size of a given image .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   analyzes
truth:  set   size

test:  decodes a receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  return true if the running systems and only start .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  trigger   reencrypt
truth:  trigger   start

test:  first array val to a clip .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   grab
truth:  pulls   val

test:  returns a a astroid type class .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  register the function .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  expand indentation in a single line of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  draw a view of timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  display   does
truth:  display   tweets

test:  verify whether or not an ip address is acceptable in the local network device .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   xlsx
truth:  match   query

test:  register provider_factory to be available as an new function .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  common code for cholesky() .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  pulls   duplicates
truth:  pulls   symbol

test:  given a method object .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  for testing .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a list of stored emails that they want to .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  takes a list of utf-8 and returns a utf-8 string .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  create a bar chart using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return the minimum of a function of one variable .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  given   reported
truth:  given   function

test:  validate the settings of a template backend .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns default context for all views as dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  download the handle to a file .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  download   remote
truth:  download   httpresponse

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable version string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  parses a single item from the global list of word .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parses   stream
truth:  parses   returns

test:  patch multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   unignores
truth:  perform   patches

test:  returns a sizer for a message field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  creates a storage object from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  returns the gauss-chebyshev size of the graph .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  return the environment (which (which .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  get   accept
truth:  get   env

test:  get a specific file name in the directory .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  covert to unicode .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  like lookup .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  formats a list of tuples .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  takes   fileformat
truth:  takes   self

test:  check if aggregate is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns text annotations as a single string .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  helper function for the scan_profile to make an ec2 connection class for the module that was made to the corresponding **example**: class .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  parses timeseries file and rois it into a hierarchy of current image parameters data : password} .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  update some string in the list of strings .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the hypervolume fitness .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a plural string representing the specified string .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  insert   sparks
truth:  insert   number

test:  set subscription subscription encode .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  return a release location based on the configuration .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  guesses   widening
truth:  guesses   location

test:  test filtfilt class .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tweak
truth:  test   replacement

test:  verify if the cirs is added to the right of the graph .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  validates   synchronize
truth:  validates   addresses

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  return the signature name corresponding to a given function .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  determine if polygon exists sorted order .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  sort   scans
truth:  sort   pairs

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  convert an character sequence of integers to the given character representation .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  returns a message from source to the vm .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  use   supplied
truth:  use   api

test:  setup a new security certificate .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   pulls
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates a test log folder for tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  store a certificate to the given store name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  add surrounding methods to the methods method .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   specifies
truth:  add   methods

test:  require the afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  compute a 2-tuple of positional ranges .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  make sure the replica set .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   downgrades
truth:  insert   point

test:  plot ccpr results according to the specified model .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  add a url to a url .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  add   paginated
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test fetch .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensure that the schemas for this test is available .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  import   restoring
truth:  import   data

test:  create a class with x and y .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   debugging
truth:  generates   dataset

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   assume
truth:  accepts   header

test:  return processes information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  find wsa:action file to be used for hg .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  check if http status code is passing a passing status status code .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  given   point
truth:  given   status

test:  helper function for parallel address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  a stack with out-degree should raise an exception when given the stack fails .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  tests   expected
truth:  tests   stack

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  a list of tasks .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  list   shift
truth:  list   tasks

test:  recursively copy a list of files and all its files under a directory .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  test that a set of updates a model is equivalent to the model .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  this function clips a entropy of a useful entropy .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  returns   feed
truth:  returns   entropy

test:  true if node is a title .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  projects   determine
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  query   aligns
truth:  query   volume

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  generate a random id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   linkify
truth:  generate   integer

test:  test that the predict predict function outputs a fixed pipeline for a fixed pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  get the outline for carve .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  split a list of elements into a list of non-empty parts .
truth: take a token . 
test:  take   scop
truth:  take   token

test:  returns a list of the ntp peers configured on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   decline
truth:  returns   ntp

test:  return the total word sizes of multiple sizes .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  convert   returned
truth:  convert   numbers

test:  read unsigned 16bit integer from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   labels
truth:  read   transform

test:  list of poygon registrations .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  landing   bring
truth:  landing   page

test:  indent a block of text spaces into a block of words .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   assure
truth:  parse   challenge

test:  save the results to a file on a predictions file .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  given   forbids
truth:  given   predictions

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  call this function via a watch statement .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  return a list of all containers on the system .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  returns   paste
truth:  returns   containers

test:  returns a datastore key as a tuple .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  estimate the certain value of a univariate polynomial .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  parses a hex escape sequence in a replacement string .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   reveal
truth:  parses   sequence

test:  recursive helper to decode and *node_id* .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  swaps a number of perticular crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  this method will checkout with signed cart with a single shoppingcart .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  create   limiting
truth:  create   order

test:  construct a reverse domain name from the given target in order of real tokens .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this make sure that the keys file extension is raised .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   safe_octal
truth:  test   class

test:  retrieve footer email for the given account account .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  append   sampled
truth:  append   footer

test:  cookies cookies .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  lookup   stores
truth:  lookup   name

test:  the square root mean of data .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  calculates   dumps
truth:  calculates   signal

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   snaps
truth:  write   pid

test:  determine if the node is a hexidecimal node .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  dragonfly doji .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  pulls   safe_peekline
truth:  pulls   star

test:  switch frappe and upgrade to master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get the spider loader class directly from the class .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  context manager for setting config file to a specific value .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   updates
truth:  builds   wsgi

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   completes
truth:  creates   budget

test:  convert an integer to a varint and write it using the write function .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  get information about a metadata document .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  validates if the source string is a valid source file or a string .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  map the environment variables passed into the same software subclass .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  takes   lstrip
truth:  takes   set

test:  returns a dict of dictionaries that maps a subsection blocks to a flat block .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  the smallest integer k such that the same dimension .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob with google cloud storage .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  if the source ends with a source spaces .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  ensure   unlocking
truth:  ensure   source

test:  return the pipe segment for a pipe .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   nested
truth:  return   segment

test:  builds an uninstalled for this script .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  execute   prettify
truth:  execute   process

test:  apply a batch .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieves a a background connection with the given username and port .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  launch   clones
truth:  launch   server

test:  read and return information from xml file .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   assign
truth:  read   requests

test:  return a linear correlation coefficient for two points of one arg .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  halt a running system cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  find a network or return the books .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  find   killed
truth:  find   network

test:  serve the reset index page .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  display   digs
truth:  display   html

test:  loads and return a free server .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  set the value of the css text field to save the value of the css and save the value .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  returns the comment from the paths of the requested comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  record   iterates
truth:  record   comment

test:  test a polynomial of equations .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   clustered
truth:  test   equations

test:  ensure that file does not exist .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  a decorator which asserts that the test methods was called .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the hash of a file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  run a subprocess .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if a process is alive .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  name   flip
truth:  name   python

test:  change the default user .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  patch   pulls
truth:  patch   null

test:  return a dict of dashboard activity stream .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  test the model arguments .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  decorator to require that the mime type for any of the request .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the default socket .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  concatenate inputs or more iterables .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a list of compute ips from a given local ips .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  compute a dictionary of snapshots to be delegate .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  turn string into one dict of elements .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  extract   deconvolves
truth:  extract   level

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   restoring
truth:  gunzip   data

test:  expression : expression + expression | expression + expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  sets the uploaded image .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  pulls   drops
truth:  pulls   call

test:  split a list of points into .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start command to start the start cmd .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  test running .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  run   refresh
truth:  run   scripts

test:  fetch the url .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user system user all operations should be performed on behalf of .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  this is a file descriptor on partition .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  return a string identifying the python build version .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  create spider with the current request .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   regularized
truth:  create   spider

test:  a placeholder method .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  pull generating input strings corresponding to source strings .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  pull   gauss
truth:  pull   strings

test:  gets the number of national for the specified phonenumber .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  gets   teardown
truth:  gets   type

test:  calculate the checksum for a character .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  calculates   preprocessing
truth:  calculates   char

test:  a generator of lists of words .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse a time identifier for a given format .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  does basic token to load a remote server .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  compute the full product of *a* .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that passing values in fill_values should only replace matching values .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  verifies that a student flow exists .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse a content-type like accept out of a phrase .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   approve
truth:  parses   *

test:  it computes the balanced accuracy of prediction .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  a path .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  takes a sequence of nt and returns a list of cw .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  chain names used by parse_fasta hourly to break group id .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  get   proposed
truth:  get   chain

test:  create a new shared shared shared shape containing a theano shape .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   transliterate
truth:  returns   variable

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when collection errors occur .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  verify   binhexed
truth:  verify   tests

test:  return the instances of an instance .
truth: given an object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  this method will try to guess whether a user has the same cart as cart .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  create and return a root root node .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  return true if mutating reports .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  determines   compresses
truth:  determines   statement

test:  convert a string to millisecond encoded values .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  return the degree of the first degree of degree .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  finds   preface
truth:  finds   degree

test:  friendly utility function that converts fasta file types to fastq' .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute nth moment of a given order moments .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   dataset
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that blockdevicedeployer calculates certain desired state for a desired dataset .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  convert a realm .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  is   access
truth:  is   url

test:  registers unicode function for the program module .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  registers   pulls
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture that simulates a topic for a topic .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  pulls   stops
truth:  pulls   topic

test:  set up the concord232 alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  ensures that sequence of fields as second pairs .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  map   controls
truth:  map   ids

test:  implement a single dtype; start by a dask array .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  search for a set of server and returns a dict of address: names to monitor on the server codes .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  return   memoizing
truth:  return   health

test:  verify that the given function is a test .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  benchmark throughputs configuration .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator that ensures that the decorated function corpus returns true if the specified corpus .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  runs flask dev .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  cleanup   registering
truth:  cleanup   views

test:  mock model failure dies with error .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  calculates a form field instance for the given form .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return all of the status of all users .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  loads and returns a wsgi app .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   roundrobin
truth:  load   application

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  regression test for c{version()} globals .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a decorator which ensures all subsystems of the default handles one or more handles arguments .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  allocate eip message at least two eip .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  pulls   reissues
truth:  pulls   eip

test:  just a test for invalid 90 .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   dispatch
truth:  test   operators

test:  adds user permissions to the given document if a user provided .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   pending
truth:  add   default

test:  returns the arch of the current kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  prints event handler for ipython parameter .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  logs   wait
truth:  logs   servers

test:  dummy function for xmpp can be used .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  pulls   entries
truth:  pulls   review

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  function   skips
truth:  function   connections

test:  return the immediate children of a given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   banned
truth:  return   children

test:  get the status of a group counts for the given header dict .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  mock mock error raised by the one-dimensional models .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  sets   hanging
truth:  sets   variables

test:  calculates the first child variables for the examples: of data .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  compute   asserts
truth:  compute   diff

test:  load the embedded curve key from a list of pairs .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return a string if were using python .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  create a vim-friendly string of length n .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the williams of the entire group .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   translated
truth:  return   g

test:  register *cls* to be available for the service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   chew
truth:  register   service

test:  computes the ieqcons function to create a full array of k values .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   optimizes
truth:  return   reservations

test:  provide raw_input() for a list of :py:class:optionparser file .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  find a list of nodes that correspond to xpath nodes of explicit nodes .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  using   looping
truth:  using   node

test:  clears the user info field from networkx .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   modbus
truth:  clears   cookie

test:  return a list of objects as a list of objects .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  convert a n-d .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  returns   quotes
truth:  returns   map

test:  initialize a mapping of report for a given start date .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  creates   teardown
truth:  creates   type

test:  return an error message .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  run   receiving
truth:  run   js

test:  writes a stream at the given stream and write it to the new color .
truth: like write . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  builds the operations adding desired criterion to given campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   break
truth:  builds   operations

test:  open a filename in the given directory .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  prepare the text for the pelican application .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  loads   solve
truth:  loads   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone of os .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  we receive the initialization of all registered false}return .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  pulls   surrounding
truth:  pulls   processor

test:  wait until the requests has been logged .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   cie
truth:  wait   predicate

test:  convert uuid from hex bin to the uuid representation .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  setup the pid for a pid file .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  find the tree of a given parse tree .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  lists wiki templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the group of a file or directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns the xdg cache directory .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a partition from the specified raid device cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  report   grouping
truth:  report   system

test:  changes a ngram ngram ngram sequences to be used in a similar list .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  get a view of the auth info of a resource .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  parses a set of .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   urlencode
truth:  parses   item

test:  returns a filter out of a number .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  to start/power on a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  suspend   hostname
truth:  suspend   vm

test:  return containers that belong to a link .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  stop   unpatch
truth:  stop   matching

test:  change the system state cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   easing
truth:  change   runlevel

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  unregister a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  combine zero or more games into one big player sequence .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  returns an ipv4 or limit" set of bits of bits .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  cache an check to check if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the argument name of a function .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  return   overlay
truth:  return   func

test:  render template with grains in config file .
truth: render config template . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  return the backend class for the backend .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  gets artist names from a block of text .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  suggest   encapsulates
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the distro id for the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  validate that the template variables are valid .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   storing
truth:  validate   template

test:  tests that the decimal field contains formatted field .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove special folders which are created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  build an option which bound from the wire object .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  check if a file is protected by a public thumbnail .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   pulls
truth:  serve   null

test:  prepare a file in the form of a cache file .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  just test for monitor .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert from one element to another element .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  converts   scaled
truth:  converts   queue

test:  returns a url to article for a article retrieval .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  set the verbose used by vispy on all systems .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   lowercases
truth:  set   verbose

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  like locatefilename .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  evaluate   pulls
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  outputs the matches value in a section .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  train an iis function for computing linear regression .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  do   retrieved
truth:  do   iteration

test:  split a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  split   teardown
truth:  split   type

test:  create a default options .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pending
truth:  creates   default

test:  return volumes that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   subtracts
truth:  return   backups

test:  computes the goodness of the normal distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  assuming   named
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   simulating
truth:  encodes   input

test:  check if version is valid .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  reset django 1 .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  executes   setup
truth:  executes   equivalent

test:  do a saved test to use as a saved test .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  rectified linear unit function .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   reported
truth:  rectified   function

test:  given a dict of image description .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  update the date/time on the local node .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   terminate
truth:  update   password

test:  create an extras config dict .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  returns the current line .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return the money connection to format .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate swirl clip by given images .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  perform   combine
truth:  perform   transformation

test:  returns the cached requirements file from the given requirements file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  add vector3 paths to the vector3 list .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   ip
truth:  add   paths

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  extract a key from a document_pb .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  builds a human readable attach spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  uses returns .
truth: print returns . 
test:  print   stream
truth:  print   returns

test:  drop-in test against basic expression_opt .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  hub an existing dictionary using the google encryption key .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a url initial or a path .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  updates viewpoint metadata .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   post_save
truth:  updates   metadata

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  load one or more certificates from a directory .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   review
truth:  load   keys

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  iterate over screenshots in a format .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  get a frontend failure from the output of a given value .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  the restful handler for course notifications .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  normalized normalized mutual information between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  normalized   tile
truth:  normalized   information

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  this is a helper function that writes the old version to a file .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  calculate the sphere field or electric potential forward .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  do   flattening
truth:  do   field

test:  return a list of polynomial strings .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  disassociate eip .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  disassociate   reissues
truth:  disassociate   eip

test:  configure an answer callback .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  return partial derivative of 2 .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  bound for the center of a wishart-distributed of matrices .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  yaml: scan-build build .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  gets list of direct interfaces and its interfaces .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  a simple convenience function which returns the index of the values of a given array .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the string of the two binary arrays .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  compares   sleeps
truth:  compares   equality

test:  return first host name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return a list of all datacenters .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator ensuring that the dataset with the given dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   allocate
truth:  ensuring   user

test:  returns a string .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  elementwise sign function .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  just make sure that __version__ works .
truth: gui test . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of the vms that belong to the values for the specified vm .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  update a neighbour floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   embedded
truth:  updates   example

test:  sets a component .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  given   msg
truth:  given   component

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop from loop from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  delete a vpn service cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   containing
truth:  deletes   ip

test:  return a information about an instance .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  determine if the crypto library is available .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  checks   constrained
truth:  checks   functions

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  helper to serialize a sharedobject stream handler for printing the stream .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  construct   export
truth:  construct   tuple

test:  extract the group type from a given type .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  get   default
truth:  get   part

test:  find and return a list of supervisees .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  pull   related
truth:  pull   supervisor

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns a list of otu sample ids for a certain otu metadata .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  make   declared
truth:  make   samples

test:  returns a generator that yields all transitive attributes from target in a list .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  generates   reveal
truth:  generates   sequence

test:  adds a new password cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  make sure a string is an unicode string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  quote non-ascii characters .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  ensure   exposes
truth:  ensure   values

test:  create a user in the email provided .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  authorize the specified security group to the user .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  authorize   killed
truth:  authorize   network

test:  for item .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  fetch the sorted list of tasks .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  when a datetime .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  returns the number of bits which x is mutual to one or n*m matrix .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey in a translated field .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  tests   flattening
truth:  tests   field

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  yaml: gatling trigger a job when gatling is pushed to .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   leave
truth:  set   switch

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   based
truth:  represent   address

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   resamples
truth:  get   zones

test:  getip view for swift ip address from the docssample header contained in the current request .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  returns an instance of a class .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  dumps a configuration file to a secure object .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  pulls   reshapes
truth:  pulls   serialization

test:  returns whether the required survey is required to run a survey descriptor .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   remap
truth:  returns   survey

test:  works like unicode/str/bytes .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  skip a limit: whitespace .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  helper function for get_custom_data_point .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  returns the best available time zone (e .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  compares   suggests
truth:  compares   timezone

test:  dummy function for --source .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  returns an array with evenly spaced values within a given interval .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  index request .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   bring
truth:  index   page

test:  show a list of current environment names from the user .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  filter   plot
truth:  filter   apps

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   guessing
truth:  clean   namespace

test:  logs out the user .
truth: log out . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  list media instance in media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  same as twisted .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  checks if we are just a role .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  ensure that given named database is absent name the alias of the database to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  check if were running on interface .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  checks   paging
truth:  checks   interface

test:  close the client object if it is displayed .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  saves   widgets
truth:  saves   responses

test:  show all installed bokehjs after the mapper result is available .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  print   tile
truth:  print   information

test:  removes a "pageant" resource from the global configuration file .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  returns   choice
truth:  returns   formats

test:  test readparser for multiple=true .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  return a path to the rackspace driver for a particular region .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns a list with the directory that contains the alternate pyinstaller hook for kivy .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  splits a sequence into chunks of values .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  insert   maps
truth:  insert   locations

test:  find the backported object for a given document .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  iterate   pulls
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return a dictionary of information for the named package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  creates a list of variables to represent both the dedent .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  gives   step
truth:  gives   names

test:  return a dict describing the current user .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  insert remove0 to a new task inplace .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  parse   merge
truth:  parse   iso

test:  display the amount of idle on or off cli example: .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   follows
truth:  displays   button

test:  run one or more commands .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  handle   optimized
truth:  handle   script

test:  create a celery app instance .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   mutes
truth:  creates   app

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  generate a url string for use in a list of scope .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generates   allocate
truth:  generates   user

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  load a class by name .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  decorator to not a function or not .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  the efficiently signal receiver to pending lookups .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  appends a context from a dict to a context .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  get the currently active version .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  return the current time .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  format a timestamp in a standardized xxxxxxxxxx .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  formats   r^2
truth:  formats   form

test:  call thing in a function if args is not a single argument .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  pulls   appending
truth:  pulls   thing

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   exposes
truth:  marks   values

test:  order all /etc/portage/package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  place   unescaped
truth:  place   entries

test:  check nova docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  revoke a cache security group from a cache security group to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   killed
truth:  revoke   network

test:  stop and return occurred .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determines if the request user is allowed to do a allowed .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  determines   allocate
truth:  determines   user

test:  return ros group of two rospack_cache .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  pulls   align
truth:  pulls   observation

test:  no_input=true must not make sure the cookiecutter and properly decodes .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  returns the last column of a line in a string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  create a new iscsi target .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the vdi of a disk image .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  return equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  determine if partition is valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  checks   emulate
truth:  checks   disk

test:  test interpolate stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  build a dataframe to sqlite and return the lhs and timestamp .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if a table other columns of a table with no in the table parameter .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  get a divided packed class from a string .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   height
truth:  create   lot

test:  returns the string contained in the tree .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  returns a carrier description for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  converts an integer to a slice of slices .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   be
truth:  remove   acl

test:  issue an sql query to sqlite3 .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  convert to a float number .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  stretch   utf-8
truth:  stretch   argument

test:  return the url without any arguments .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of the operation on a service .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   colored
truth:  monitor   operation

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  check if its string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert a dictionary of attributes to a single string .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  add typing for connected endpoints .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  return   rfc
truth:  return   distance

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  list network interfaces .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  deletes an instance of :class:i18n from the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   encapsulate
truth:  sets   instance

test:  explicitly test for url .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  n-dimensional object removing feature/s .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  fill   pulls
truth:  fill   null

test:  creates a web browser animations .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  if needed .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get average radius from radiuscomplex .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   confine
truth:  get   xmlelement

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  generate a unique token of algorithm of a token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  hash   scop
truth:  hash   token

test:  create a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  return a dict of environment data from a repository .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  loads all tests from a given module .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  map   tear
truth:  map   module

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   randomise
truth:  fake   message

test:  return the version .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  get   orthoganlize
truth:  get   hash

test:  helper function to start a single ami instance for the specified instance .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  run   encapsulate
truth:  run   instance

test:  returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   hydrate
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons than structured distance matrix .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  salt and return token .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  parse a blobinfo record from file and return parsed from it .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  get a backup for a backup or conf device .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the success level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  return weeks as days .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   gives
truth:  return   days

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fetches the message of the given thread .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   randomise
truth:  fetches   message

test:  tries to retrieve the most recent settings for a given addon .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   undo
truth:  refresh   grains

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  check that the git search actions can be mrg_uniform .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  rename a notification lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  rename   pulls
truth:  rename   null

test:  test with a bug in mapping .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  transform an index file into a single index definitions .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  transform   bump
truth:  transform   definitions

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return true if the class has a known known known .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  returns   ayoung
truth:  returns   base

test:  deserialize any format or stream like object into a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  print nicely .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   blacklisted
truth:  print   attachments

test:  creates a new json index for the given bucket .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  check if a vm exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  take a network of config file and write it to the config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  set the current connection variable .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  import the start/end exception from the given string .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  create a new repo .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  build   recreate
truth:  build   portion

test:  returns the symmetric mean of a vector .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  return   serve
truth:  return   mod

test:  render_injected -> status of a status of a url .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  sets the modules .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  returns a passwordless which leaves the bytes from nonefn .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  read   unsqueeze
truth:  read   fixtures

test:  check if val is uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  parses the input data as a boolean value .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  read start:string .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  explode   server_root
truth:  explode   opts

test:  list all servers we have a single wrapper .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  manage   wait
truth:  manage   servers

test:  parse an expression into composite parts .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   sums
truth:  parse   expression

test:  populate a new chart chart with no values for each operation .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  generates the indefinite clusters for the given cluster in a given root .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  return   copies
truth:  return   clusters

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   grouping
truth:  set   system

test:  change frequency of daily search thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   heres
truth:  change   frequency

test:  run unicode unicode on dense columns .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  utility routine to get a crop of small values .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  given   forwards
truth:  given   image

test:  extract a list of changes from an instance of field values .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  return   unrooted
truth:  return   differences

test:  parse bson grant contents of mount key cli examples: .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  simply use tree to parse and extract all tags with the same elements as the function .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  starts the channels of a photoimage .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  time   support
truth:  time   time

test:  create a tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   unparsing
truth:  creates   git

test:  returns the url for a backend or backend instance .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send an email to the initiator of a user .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  pulls   factorize
truth:  pulls   verification

test:  get the path to the assets directory path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   suggest
truth:  get   folder

test:  display a figure and idle events .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  tests whether a phone number is a number .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  checks   sparks
truth:  checks   number

test:  return the parent of the process instance .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  is   dumping
truth:  is   patch

test:  creates a new graph from an adjacency matrix given as a line .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   publish
truth:  creates   graph

test:  rpn style style support for the given style .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns a random sentence-like string of length n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and sample routines with auto ratio .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  tests pydotprint .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  force env to extract the child nodes of root servers .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  decides if any of the files in a given user .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  listens   failed
truth:  listens   contributor

test:  parse a date/time string to a datetime object .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  gets   temperature
truth:  gets   date

test:  get a list of active cpg .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  return a lower triangular matrix .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   hsv
truth:  load   grammar

test:  returns a path to a users head with the directory and create a relative path .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  step 4 word representing 4 pairs .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  run psea on the distance .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   flattens
truth:  run   output

test:  like iter_fiels but writes the nodes in the node .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   looping
truth:  like   node

test:  set up rational template template template is rendered to auto-register .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  configures   obj
truth:  configures   filters

test:  execute command output .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  check and return the base class for the base class .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns an iterable of millions .
truth: like zip . 
test:  like   blink
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   shed
truth:  transform   exception

test:  return the path for the resource .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  convert a size in bytes into a human readable form .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  simple wrapper to run a contents of a whitelist .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   unescaped
truth:  generates   entries

test:  clear a previously registered layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clear   step
truth:  clear   names

test:  return a tuple containing all unicode fields in the provided array .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  returns   flow
truth:  returns   fields

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  call to see if the errorsreturn is set .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  return   ssl
truth:  return   errors

test:  the python unicode string .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  update the qiime field of the given definition .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  convenience wrapper around keywords to search for osm output .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dict that can be used to perform about regex .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  filter   guessing
truth:  filter   namespace

test:  load the data from .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  gets the use of the macroexpand tree in the given compiler tree .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  expand   exception
truth:  expand   macros

test:  test intervals of surface .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   splitting
truth:  test   surface

test:  initialize logging level for a specific above .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  configure   forbid
truth:  configure   options

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  register   enter
truth:  register   serializer

test:  return datetime object for given time .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  ensure   img
truth:  ensure   compiler

test:  verify that the module is valid .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  test   unlinks
truth:  test   fixture

test:  return the first level of a level level .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  import a dsa key .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   listen
truth:  import   key

test:  finds elements of the leading and returns a list .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   eliminates
truth:  finds   elements

test:  add an image to the users success .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  keep   bench
truth:  keep   value

test:  returns an increment dict of the provided data .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   building
truth:  returns   tag

test:  return the raw http response object with the given http response .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  retrieves   stubbed
truth:  retrieves   headers

test:  reads the status code and returns a file .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   emulate
truth:  reads   disk

test:  return a path where the leading directory is in .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  yaml: zeromq zeromq event when a job is pushed to .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  convert a value into a human readable format .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  chisquare goodness-of-fit test the null hypothesis is that the distance between 0 and the observed values .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  pulls   integrating
truth:  pulls   scipy

test:  setup the itunes platform .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return a list of files in the return root .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  return a first mean of the given arguments: mean -- the most of the values of the second matrix .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns a dictionary with the functions that can be passed in .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  find the python module in the given directory .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  clones an existing virtual network clone from the provided provider .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   rising
truth:  clones   group

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  require   chew
truth:  require   service

test:  decorator that checks if the current user has the given handler .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait for a message to be associated with a without throwing an instance .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  closes   extracts
truth:  closes   socket

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  get the location of sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  logs   checking
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates a schema: for each request .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  verifies that the completion doesnt move any callable .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  plots a dictionary of options .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  add   scans
truth:  add   pairs

test:  create a continuous random variable with a von mises distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the next tag of a string .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  main method to cleanup a single channel .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  check   reverses
truth:  check   services

test:  returns target index object for given index .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  test for get word from words .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  make sure that all plugin links are explicitly visible .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   unlocking
truth:  copy   source

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  generate   requesting
truth:  generate   i

test:  return a reorder of the given tree .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  check   localize
truth:  check   reference

test:  remove the specified extension from the module registry .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  unregister   batch
truth:  unregister   code

test:  parse a string .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  interpret   gauss
truth:  interpret   strings

test:  saves a relative editor with the caller .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  execute queries against the result of read and return the read pillar data .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  run a series of vpn .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  gets   point
truth:  gets   status

test:  generate a maximum line of the dimensions of a given length .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  create   small_stmts
truth:  create   line

test:  gets the currently active version of this checker .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  a dummy response object marking a get parameter .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  turn   install
truth:  turn   response

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   vms
truth:  mark   thread

test:  return the cache file on a cache .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   safe_octal
truth:  walk   class

test:  a different variables that writes the platform to a new word .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  returns   breaking
truth:  returns   candidates

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  test   centralized
truth:  test   backup

test:  add a handler to the internal logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  runs one or more pyflakes components .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return details about all elasticache table connection .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  describe   bounds
truth:  describe   table

test:  only load if csf exists on the system .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  frees a list of available audio output devices .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   switch
truth:  frees   list

test:  creates a new key for the given kind .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   supports
truth:  read   text

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  function that checks if an object has timed out of the given thread .
truth: check acls . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the evaluated boolean as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return subgraph communicability of vector .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  decrypt aes ciphertext .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypts   pulls
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  validate a file system .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  compare   forgets
truth:  compare   filesystem

test:  parses a property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   were
truth:  parses   property

test:  gets the operations of a pending task handler .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  blocking   chown
truth:  blocking   loop

test:  extract the source code from the supplied code .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  factory function .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  determines if key is a generate key .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a 2-tuple of the delegate .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   compile
truth:  patch   documentation

test:  obtain the old connections for the old user .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  gets   differentiate
truth:  gets   accounts

test:  set the dirty bit on quota and multiple tenants .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   compose
truth:  set   usage

test:  return the list of virtual .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping method for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  return a list of length in the order of the neighbors neighbors .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  memset on the pointer value .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  fill   hover
truth:  fill   bytes

test:  retrieves the commits of a given dataset .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  compute the elliptical polygon for a polygon .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  returns the value of a method with respect to the current reporter .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  return a generator that can safely read from a file-like .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  returns a random word of a random word .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  return the shape of a 4 array of shape .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  return   overwrites
truth:  return   shape

test:  display a list of the order of cachedef .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  view function to help when he is raised .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  notify   deregister
truth:  notify   jobs

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns the thing as a string .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   inserted
truth:  parses   saml

test:  make sure a package is present .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  configure blueprints .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  configure   registering
truth:  configure   views

test:  remove list of entries from a list of list .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> host_from_gpu gpu_from_host -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   boot
truth:  gpu_from_host   dot

test:  find all elements in a sequence .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  get the harris points of distance .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  returns whether the request is ratelimited .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  pulls   resolved
truth:  pulls   threads

test:  return a copy of dictionary that can be used in a metadata .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  helper to get module version .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return event to pg server .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   lowering
truth:  return   postgres

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  create   score
truth:  create   staff

test:  generate and generate the given file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  convert a list of items to a string .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  return   quoting
truth:  return   comma

test:  link to a user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  pulls   present
truth:  pulls   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  set up the stopped black interface .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  yaml: grails upload files to the build .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  kills syslog-ng .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  unregister   hostname
truth:  unregister   vm

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  convenience function to open a file and return the base64 encoded string .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  checks if we are running via python .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  checks   flip
truth:  checks   python

test:  compute the snapshots summary of a given collection summary .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  computes   import
truth:  computes   summary

test:  normal test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   constructs
truth:  test   lock

test:  setup the nest hub light platform .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  a dummy view for djangos file .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  load a module .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the active window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  decorator to restrict you are contained in authentication .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  erroneous a log message to a show .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  log   remove
truth:  log   history

test:  convert hex to rgb color values .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  change   detects
truth:  change   color

test:  create a new compiler compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  check that a string is a valid python string .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  exception   negate
truth:  exception   resource

test:  verify server is of 2-axis .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  guarantee   intersect
truth:  guarantee   picks

test:  waits for the element to become shown in the element .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  returns the root stream .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  create a metadef tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   evpn
truth:  create   schema

test:  iterate over genbank formatted records .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  returns the luhn card for a given string .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  test   sparks
truth:  test   number

test:  turns strings into a single list of strings .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  pulls   predicate
truth:  pulls   sql

test:  evaluates the natural logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   strided
truth:  evaluates   cosine

test:  wrapper around term() .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  function   decimals
truth:  function   storage

test:  fake function to support html .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  make text safe to use in a single space .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated message errors are usable .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   shed
truth:  raising   exception

test:  normalize a list of strings and articles .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  create a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  show an image from the standard class/method .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  show   forwards
truth:  show   image

test:  this function generates a schema for the given version of nonstandard .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a python identifier name in ascii format .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   stores
truth:  encode   name

test:  an megabit .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  get the all the text from the node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  unlock to be used in both the unhandled and leap .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a code object to a dict of dicts or .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a new source to the role .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   pulls
truth:  instructs   null

test:  add faces to mesh in pairs of pairs and make sure the vector3s are in the test .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  correct   swaps
truth:  correct   faces

test:  loads an image .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  configure   currents
truth:  configure   state

test:  return true if python module is present in the python package .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  checks   downloading
truth:  checks   package

test:  returns the action field for the comment model .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  return   tracks
truth:  return   urls

test:  render a template .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  sets the logging verbosity to error .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  like product .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  if you already have a valid identity key .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   trivial
truth:  delete   connection

test:  validate that conversion of currency as specified in load_strings() .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  pulls   lash
truth:  pulls   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   pulls
truth:  needs   null

test:  find the occurrences of a occurrences of a task .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  return   maps
truth:  return   locations

test:  reference the refs .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  set   displaying
truth:  set   ref

test:  restart an container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  list permissions for a provided keyspace .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   expand
truth:  list   permissions

test:  return true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  returns   throttle
truth:  returns   unit

test:  return the array representation of the largest numpy array .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  convert a dataset to a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  convert   aligns
truth:  convert   volume

test:  simplification of rational polynomials .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  identify   exposes
truth:  identify   values

test:  new dashboard add or flask dashboard to preselected dashboard .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  add   reserializes
truth:  add   widget

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  pulls   act
truth:  pulls   categories

test:  an empty unicode function for sending it into a renderengine space .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  this script parses the arguments that were passed in via the command line .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  setup   utf-8
truth:  setup   argument

test:  this function takes a string and returns a bool if it contains only the character .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  fake   carry
truth:  fake   test

test:  return only xml tree of graphs .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return whether a frame is written to be a successive .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  computes   github
truth:  computes   frame

test:  returns the string to be sent to a os-brick .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  lookup   unpublicizes
truth:  lookup   description

test:  yaml: exclusion upload files to exclusion .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  expression : minus expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  decorator that checks if the user is registered and is registered .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add a file path .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  convert a hex string to a tuple with the given encoding .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  get current piece of previously created with k8s indices .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sends a simple notification on the given whom .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  like a sequence .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  get the repository directory for a repo .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert all the strings in a dict .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  return a intersection graph of size n .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   greps
truth:  return   intersection

test:  returns a list of articles that apply to passed in topics and returns a list of articles .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  returns a batch of updates from the given app calls .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  turn a list of items into xml .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  convert   enhance
truth:  convert   items

test:  train a simple model based on top of the rosenbrock function .
truth: train model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  create a connection to a service .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  read   resetting
truth:  read   reply

test:  trigger the data in pilight .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  fire   randomise
truth:  fire   message

test:  create an array of array objects .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  constructs   restrict
truth:  constructs   array

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   imsave
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  gets the "importer" "importer" for an api operation .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   registering
truth:  list   views

test:  extracts the list of positional arguments from a list or tuple of positional .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  joins   maps
truth:  joins   locations

test:  git handler for the lexer .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  code   unlocks
truth:  code   lexer

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  test that the table key column .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  solve the generator specific info that gets fed to the current set of info .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  returns a list of sql statements required for all connect .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  decorator to enable scheduled scheduled task for a task .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  returns a userrpc to get the number of instances on the module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  write a julian-formatted floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   capture
truth:  write   bit

test:  a simple view that returns the request data in the context .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  run a test harness: worker .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  check that the value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  return the list of users that are stuck directly in the given 'dashboard .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  add a file to sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  adds   ip
truth:  adds   paths

test:  the contribution of the current thread .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  if output is used .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  calls   imposes
truth:  calls   f

test:  check that the appropriate arguments are valid .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validates   translates
truth:  validates   flags

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  computes elementwise reciprocal of function .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  pulls   protects
truth:  pulls   args

test:  convert strings to unicode objects .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   mounts
truth:  convert   objects

test:  unpack the data to a usable format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   restoring
truth:  unpack   data

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  pulls   template
truth:  pulls   sitemap

test:  transforms the output of parse() into a dataframe .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   removing
truth:  transforms   parse

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  return a list of packages that belong to the given package .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  gather   raised
truth:  gather   distributions

test:  a function to be used as a one-line method .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  same as a is b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  note   created
truth:  note   mode

test:  adapt the data of the binary operation to a python data structure .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  adapt   teardown
truth:  adapt   type

test:  any contributors .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  make sure the page dispatcher .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  require the git git file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  process telnet version using telnet .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  process   extract
truth:  process   version

test:  parse a single command line of an alias object .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  match   supports
truth:  match   text

test:  return a cookie for a cookie .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  check that a report generated by the report report .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates the must not home assistant .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  check   error
truth:  check   bracket

test:  some of the driver .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  log   includes
truth:  log   entrance

test:  gets information about a specific url .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  get   interpret
truth:  get   dashboard

test:  write one unit at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   throttle
truth:  write   unit

test:  return a list of all unique typo .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  translates any typed exception to the exception if it was there .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  verify that rbenv is installed and the system is not installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two sequences .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  ordered   databook
truth:  ordered   comparison

test:  fetch libzmq .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  show all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   usage
truth:  show   rows

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  handles   exposes
truth:  handles   values

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  perform a linear regression bin on a sphere .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  pulls   patches
truth:  pulls   permutations

test:  gets the total document that formats the current unhelpful document .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  gets   restoring
truth:  gets   data

test:  generate a block of the amino column .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  produce   cleaning
truth:  produce   matrix

test:  update the parameters of a cube function .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clean up the old jobs from master config file options .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  called   rescales
truth:  called   event

test:  create a class object for a object .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  return local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   forwards
truth:  threshold   image

test:  return a query of user activity the activities for the user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  takes a message and does the following: .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  helper to patch a function to patch into a result instance that recognizes the result of the command line .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  create   located
truth:  create   method

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  register language logs out for the given process .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  retrieves the event transaction id from the cache cache .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  retrieves   cast
truth:  retrieves   transaction

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   flip
truth:  apply   python

test:  determine what the header is of the header of the header .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  choose   teardown
truth:  choose   type

test:  returns the last child module for the specified user .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  converts a string to an ipaddr message .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   centers
truth:  search   labels

test:  returns all rows of a number .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  apply   review
truth:  apply   keys

test:  parse a string referring to an :setting:task_annotations key .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  validate if the module is not installed .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  check   plot
truth:  check   apps

test:  yaml: scoverage publish trend reports with builds .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a base operation on the given file .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  remove   disable
truth:  remove   |

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  returns a list of the words with respect to the given arguments .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  retrieve usage information associated with a given resource .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  refresh   catching
truth:  refresh   quota

test:  return the output of the variables that input is good in the inputs and orphans .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  extract   hanging
truth:  extract   variables

test:  start and run all environment variables .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   pts
truth:  start   rpc

test:  update blog posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  create a user with administrator permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  add a flocker to the current image server .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the maximum statistic for each non-singleton np .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  calculates   stopped
truth:  calculates   statistics

test:  return a boolean .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  translate   step
truth:  translate   names

test:  disk image types are determine the path to determine the root used for an image .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   bartels
truth:  clear   contents

test:  return a list of arch .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  sets the system id for the system .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  sets   search
truth:  sets   d

test:  tag_model and registers a multi backend .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate the process of the existing recursively over the policy statements .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  check a message is a dictionary .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  writes a list of feature arguments to a single feature .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  'featured'}headers <user> -- gets information about any of the service .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copies   restrict
truth:  copies   array

test:  execute a single brick of the brick for the passed device .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  pulls   examine
truth:  pulls   brick

test:  cleans can not be written to a pentity directory .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  erase   resample
truth:  erase   directories

test:  preprocesses a file .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  pulls   succeed
truth:  pulls   request_response

test:  create signal map for all previously openvswitch .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  make   quotes
truth:  make   map

test:  run a child command on a client .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  returns the order of multiply and 1while .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  return   throw
truth:  return   x

test:  return unicode path .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  update a namespace .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  return an integer of bytes that is the correct squaring .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  returns a list of the elements of the input colors .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  returns the number of permutations in an array .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  return the feature where the feature is the same dimension .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  run a list of records from a this command .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  returns the suitable message for the given app .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test default values for raw commands .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   pending
truth:  test   default

test:  get the notify service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  setup the system_info sensors .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  find the nameservers for the given server .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  extract the special meta meta from a url and use it to extract the beautifulsoup parser .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  parses   building
truth:  parses   tag

test:  ensure that a specific user is absent name the name of the state of the user to remove runas the user to run .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  plot the effect of a matrix instance .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  load   understemmed
truth:  load   results

test:  get information for a method where the method name is the method name .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   specifies
truth:  get   methods

test:  replace all conventions .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  test unpublicizes of player .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the manifest for the specified list of all addons .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  list   bans
truth:  list   resources

test:  apply validation function .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  has   pulls
truth:  has   null

test:  publish calendar .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  publish   failing
truth:  publish   style

test:  make a connection to the proxy vm .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  pulls   skips
truth:  pulls   connections

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  create a exponential function that can be called with a constant value .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dense regression regression about the matrix x .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   were
truth:  delete   property

test:  return the number of nodes supported on the system .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  similar to cantor-zassenhaus: .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  return the google google google storage .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  obtain   expose
truth:  obtain   credentials

test:  stop and guard w .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  set   rebuilds
truth:  set   scheduler

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   parens
truth:  make   figure

test:  write the specified x509 .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  fetch   traverse
truth:  fetch   cert

test:  copy data and mode bits .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  given a url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  parse a tal channel .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   db
truth:  parse   annotation

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  extracts the special data from a buffer .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  reset the cuda used by enforce() .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  clear   requests
truth:  clear   brain

test:  convert a dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  return a dict of sample files for the repository defined in the received tool shed tool shed repository .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  run a service and return information .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   point
truth:  display   status

test:  return the clusters children of the given cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  returns   banned
truth:  returns   children

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   labeled
truth:  fetch   file

test:  splits a static extension into a regular expression pattern .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  given a flavor string .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  reads the continuous socket .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  cherry suspend .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  pulls   hashing
truth:  pulls   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  get a path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  generates a new wcs encoded string .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  generates   secret

test:  make a user a member of a group .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   archive
truth:  make   member

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  dimension a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  copy one folder test module to another module .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  removes position from the location .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  turn   query
truth:  turn   position

test:  execute a remote execution .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  send a simple notification to a file using the notify standard .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  show   searches
truth:  show   duration

test:  link to a commit link in the bokeh github api .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  a with-context that creates a temporary dir and returns a writeable dir .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  removes the path from build .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  update iso from srcpath in dstpath .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   restoring
truth:  update   data

test:  load a product from a product file .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  assign an rpm module to a specific service .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   crack
truth:  assign   _

test:  parse the data from usable data into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  pulls   browse
truth:  pulls   testsuite

test:  return a safe date for the month of a month .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  download a list of the named package names .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  download   simplifies
truth:  download   packages

test:  return the value for the key specified with the specified name argument .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  list the domains associated with a named host cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  entry point for the browser view .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   reserializes
truth:  return   widget

test:  ensure that the given scope exists .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   executing
truth:  changes   csrf

test:  returns an author representation of the password for the user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  compute nt zeros and values of the airy function or its derivative .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  link to content over the main language so the implementation of the different subsites in the url of the different subsites subsites .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  return a string for a step size and integer size .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  compute   analyzes
truth:  compute   size

test:  alternative implementation to run a list of volumeservice .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  create a form that renders a form with no data .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   storing
truth:  create   template

test:  dict: the most appropriate kernel version .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  manage   try
truth:  manage   checkout

test:  retrieves the entities key for an entity .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  get   daemonize
truth:  get   memcache

test:  return a list of the specified kernel module to search for all of the specified view_types .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns all plugin descriptors .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the list of script choices for the current script .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  generates   preselected
truth:  generates   choice

test:  download and install rpc-server for mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generator to create a batch of batches .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  get a dict with keys for the unit unit .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  pulls   obj
truth:  pulls   filters

test:  a decorator that asserts that the cursor is valid .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create a new equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  creates and returns a model instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  expression : minus expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  converts single entry to a search model .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  produce   compress
truth:  produce   db

test:  return a temporary directory path from sys .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  pulls   restructure
truth:  pulls   tmpdir

test:  a window: method .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  preprocess   batch
truth:  preprocess   code

test:  try to increase resource limits of a resource .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  try   negate
truth:  try   resource

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  project delete view and email settings .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  load a module from a file .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  converts a datetime to a given time in the given time zone .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  returns a list of multivariate random numbers in k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  pulls   backup
truth:  pulls   properties

test:  this function converts a std string into a numpy array .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  match   plan
truth:  match   profile

test:  return llite stats for the llite stats file .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test evoked base-64 .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  find all up to traceback with given line .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  yaml: block log files to start .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true if the scenario tags exists .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a template from a file .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  decorator to skip test if the job is not attempting to the path interrupt .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  returns the leading monomial of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  create new ip address that formats ip interface .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  load a symbol and return .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  import   define
truth:  import   path

test:  verify that diskcache .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verify   enhanced
truth:  verify   object

test:  return resource headers for component .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  constructs   msg
truth:  constructs   component

test:  while the parent directory .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a list of the pydot graph from a pydot graph .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  this will log all the request .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  take   knapsack
truth:  take   request

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  instruct an entity to the record .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  pulls   partitions
truth:  pulls   category

test:  load a modules from a module setting .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   init
truth:  load   modules

test:  a copy of tasks into a new task .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  get an app token from the database .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse a quoted string starting at position start in position position position .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  remove the zfill .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  pulls   locks
truth:  pulls   pad

test:  replace all special characters missing in a column name .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  fixes   step
truth:  fixes   names

test:  check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   rearranges
truth:  check   import

test:  url minimal filename .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  unquotes   define
truth:  unquotes   path

test:  minimum of a tensor elements over a given axis .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  multiply   exposes
truth:  multiply   values

test:  returns a random integer value with the correct number of stochastic stochastic stochastic stochastic .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  compute factors and q and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  compute   view
truth:  compute   q

test:  restart the network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  do   hostname
truth:  do   vm

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether obj is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  sets the console axis label on a buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   analyzes
truth:  sets   size

test:  create simple parser .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  return a list of human-readable settings that are currently agent and wont .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  determine   bench
truth:  determine   value

test:  modifies a view function so that its response has the flask middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns the list of zookeeper ips .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   reported
truth:  retrieves   function

test:  only test the config .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   deflate
truth:  test   config

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  builds the default language for the current thread .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  builds   batch
truth:  builds   code

test:  use in a sql string for a db module .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  find the nearest component of a component of a component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify that transform is valid .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  dump the modules .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  dump   labeled
truth:  dump   file

test:  test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  return true if the url has a url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  returns   eliminating
truth:  returns   cache

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  change your dictionaries to allow testing values .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the given object is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   pulls
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the requested comment to display the given comment .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  is this a wrapper to be the swapping .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  pulls   normalizes
truth:  pulls   loader

test:  prompt the apps that is being created by the verified .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  bootstraps   storing
truth:  bootstraps   template

test:  implement a rnn state .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  return   currents
truth:  return   state

test:  run a python node .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  function   looping
truth:  function   node

test:  get the name of the file without the extension in the file .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  is used to describe test cases and might in future become helpful as an experimental tutorial as well .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  is   starts
truth:  is   nothing

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  merge reconid .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the pipe line of a pipe object .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  creates a mock for every node that has been processed for each node .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  prepare   install
truth:  prepare   response

test:  search for series and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints the host .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  extract the right arg from a condition .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  return independent tool .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  return   protects
truth:  return   args

test:  gets the user for a username or none if no user is currently active .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  turns a one of the form of the provided header string into a dict .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   stores
truth:  unsets   name

test:  return an object with an attribute for each conf parameter .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  updates repo from remote sources sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   deployments
truth:  updates   sources

test:  process the xml element if any .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  is this media player of the playlist .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  is   specifying
truth:  is   player

test:  start the given file .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   formatted
truth:  print   rate

test:  compare html tree at the bottom of a matrix .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  return the signature of a hmac-sha1 object .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  generates   tell
truth:  generates   signature

test:  get grid grid from plotly .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  returns   stacking
truth:  returns   grid

test:  return a tuple of .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  returns the error driver of the last error .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   shed
truth:  returns   exception

test:  returns the token that can be used to decode and entity for an entity token .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a single space array with the given parameters and a given affine .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this will run the minimum of the branch .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  rename   tuple
truth:  rename   branch

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  take a filename and returns its appropriate string .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  quotes   pulls
truth:  quotes   null

test:  return the encoding for the given locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  settings   pulls
truth:  settings   null

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test the sigmoid calibration function .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  reload all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  stop   put
truth:  stop   rules

test:  validate that a validator doesnt contain any other value .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a version number of the current page .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  it computes binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  pulls   uses
truth:  pulls   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string to a usagekey .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  this function is needed to read from templates .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  authenticate via pam .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pulls   wrapped
truth:  pulls   permission

test:  reread a opkg index .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return retlist for retlist .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  returns a regular expression representing the files that contains and its sub-elements .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a list of test module names from a given list of test modules .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  reduce the image along the given dim along the specified weights .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  perform   deprecated
truth:  perform   interpolation

test:  adjust the first event date of the mappers driver .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  returns true if the object is a single instance .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  format a datetime object for iso8601 .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  check if we have peer file .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  function   purging
truth:  function   iff

test:  computes the fit for a fit variable .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  gets the absolute path of the file to be included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  checks if the password of the user is valid .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  send rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  outputs a stylesheet for the given object .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  knapsack through all weights .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  knapsack   pulls
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  registers matplotlib units with various units .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  register   shortens
truth:  register   classes

test:  update translated strings .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  update   gauss
truth:  update   strings

test:  converts dtype types to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  converts   verify
truth:  converts   stata

test:  parse a string to a host:port source file .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  passes   reencrypt
truth:  passes   start

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   skipped
truth:  calculate   use

test:  test whether there are no file names in the given cache .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  returns the result of a variable which is used to represent a new variable .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  pulls   shortcut
truth:  pulls   var

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return encoding encoding encoding encoding encoding encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  reads the local cache by caching .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  removes   suggest
truth:  removes   folder

test:  adds a new message to the feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns the status of an consul .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  convert an image to a numpy image .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  builds serial port spec for the specified builds .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  creates a request of half that uses the last email scores of our scores .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  is   map
truth:  is   implementation

test:  return true if the list of attachment a user has permission to access a staff staff .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  load a mnist of the mnist methods .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  list all repos that were running in the idmapper .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  find all files in the given test suite .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  load   unload
truth:  load   client

test:  returns the default pandassql type for the given python type .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  validate an event instance .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   rescales
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  checks if the user has access to the current user .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  add sparse loop from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  reads model_file_name .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  resolve a file or directory if it does not already exist .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  asserts   define
truth:  asserts   path

test:  send a message to a flocker logging .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns a set of all the configuration settings for the provided settings .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  update an existing application .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   commit
truth:  update   repository

test:  create and return the matrices .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns the common maps from a snapshot .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  pick   indexes
truth:  pick   snapshot

test:  scatter scatter function for a scatter last @since: .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  slices   transliterate
truth:  slices   variable

test:  returns a list of language codes for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  disassociate specified qos specs from qos_specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  return a client object .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  establish   trivial
truth:  establish   connection

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters covariances : array-like .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   cleaning
truth:  estimate   matrix

test:  determine whether the specified kernel is currently installed for the specified desired and are currently being run .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  read and return the current pin .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  take a dev string and prepend it into a tree of format .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  prepend   inform
truth:  prepend   entry

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   drawing
truth:  submit   tags

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   lets
truth:  is   handler

test:  tickets view .
truth: status view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a collection from half of objects .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   flattening
truth:  pull   field

test:  convert a partition .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  describe   currents
truth:  describe   state

test:  make sure the given message was logged via javascript .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  test human-readable file name extraction .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  return   binhexed
truth:  return   tests

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  update an image from the module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  returns a tuple of two independent objects .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  calculate and return the md5 checksum of a file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  compare   orthoganlize
truth:  compare   hash

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  like stations .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  see   tear
truth:  see   module

test:  retrieve the latest shells on a shell via reverse .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  return   generating
truth:  return   shell

test:  read user option .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  place a database version number into the db .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  generate a new test url .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  function   deflate
truth:  function   config

test:  stacks arrays vertically .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   turn
truth:  translate   case

test:  given an iterable of iterables .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  synchronize   constant_expression_opt
truth:  synchronize   iterables

test:  verify that the host is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  warn   pulls
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  parameters seq : sequence returns first item of sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  if holiday weekday .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve a general file from the data .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  on a single machine by "b" and then creates a new random .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  get_home_dir() uses $home if $home is not set .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  using   using
truth:  using   hack

test:  get an immmutable representation of the user that represents a single migration .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  clear   generate
truth:  clear   users

test:  try to return a store_fs where pootle_path and fully .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  create   unleash
truth:  create   store

test:  input a semicolon .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal symbol .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  query the active filter on sk_sk .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  pulls   locate
truth:  pulls   filtering

test:  creates a list of command-line arguments configured with the master .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  construct   instantiate
truth:  construct   arguments

test:  get a list of the active history items for a history .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  get   branching
truth:  get   progress

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  test that the gpu reader will make sure the same result as gpu .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  returns the status of the current hardware .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  show   clones
truth:  show   server

test:  generate a special text from a given web server .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  wrap   drawing
truth:  wrap   tags

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   serialize
truth:  parses   str

test:  converts a wsgi application into a subpath of functions .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  pulls   updates
truth:  pulls   wsgi

test:  just like path .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  accepts   define
truth:  accepts   path

test:  reconstruct out what id of a given text is made on .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  does   rect
truth:  does   work

test:  convert a binary string to nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   tracked
truth:  convert   s

test:  returns a string identifying of an object .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  truncate an expressions at position and end of the string .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return available packet datacenter project .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   determine
truth:  return   projects

test:  fill a single integral of a function .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  assuming   tell
truth:  assuming   signature

test:  run a background process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  get the default translation .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   sqlmap
truth:  get   limit

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  competency controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return the value of a service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  show   backup
truth:  show   properties

test:  build the bokeh bokeh incomplete script .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  decorator for tests .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  defines   reported
truth:  defines   function

test:  yaml: url blocks a build url .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  main method of the line .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  point   reported
truth:  point   function

test:  calculate a slice for a slice of dataframe parameters grouped : pandas .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  slice   pandas
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return a string representing the amount of indentation .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  return all private projects for the given user .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  uncache a python cache directory from the cache directory .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  ensure   phred
truth:  ensure   caches

test:  decorator for filters which allow the given iterator that actually be a list of as a target .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  insert script or virtualenv into root directory root .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  supply   retain
truth:  supply   platform

test:  get a best milestone for a unit .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  removes the temporary files that can be found in filenames .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  compile a client for a given compiler .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   dst
truth:  compile   c

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  pulls   attacked
truth:  pulls   stats

test:  redirect to a custom url .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  generate   asserting
truth:  generate   redirect

test:  create a new refs file .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  pull   pulls
truth:  pull   null

test:  this function provides functionality for the announcements template tag syntax:: {% announcements template tag %} .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  joins multiple geometryoutput .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  concatenate   mounts
truth:  concatenate   objects

test:  query the data .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   negate
truth:  query   resource

test:  parse out the given header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  elementwise each element of the array along the axis .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  computes   landing
truth:  computes   sum

test:  return a fast coefficient for key = xmlobject of key = 1 .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  trimmed   extract
truth:  trimmed   version

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  compute   contrasts
truth:  compute   digest

test:  return html indicating that the users payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  expected inclusion_tag_current_app __doc__ .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  receive a serialized message templates on the system .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   extracts
truth:  receive   socket

test:  return whether obj is a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  min-max softmax of the matrix .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  compute   checkout
truth:  compute   way

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters or pattern in pattern matching pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  convert unicode name into unicode .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or output of parse_fasta .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  return the completely descriptor for the given row and array .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  read   flattening
truth:  read   field

test:  convert a list to a list of strings .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  differentiate and trailing scaling of a binary image .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  consume the iterator of the iterator .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  formats a human readable string of a total number of seconds .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  format   suppresses
truth:  format   seconds

test:  deletes a post request headers based on the system request which the user has to post .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  tests that the integration resample function .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return major version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns information about the course fritz!box .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  test fill with a none .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  returns the task status for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return real mask that is a complex .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return true if path is a final or is a link .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  checks whether two numbers are equal .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  instantiate a deferred .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  unconditionally skip the currently decorated test with predicate .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  skip   cie
truth:  skip   predicate

test:  make sure the function is not loaded .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  error   lets
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  delete metadata .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  start the windows time service :return: true if successful .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  job to find all the titles in a list of pages .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  load a shifting module image .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  multiply the either gettext tree or regular expression .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   configured
truth:  parse   tree

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   colorized
truth:  construct   context

test:  remove a list of installed python words from python values .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  select   flip
truth:  select   python

test:  unpack the files and metadata associated with a files .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine cli example: .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   paging
truth:  attaches   interface

test:  create a proxy function from a class definition .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  instantiate   distribute
truth:  instantiate   proxy

test:  return the first match in a dictionary of target patterns .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  search   coupling
truth:  search   target

test:  educated a directory and all zip files in a zip dir .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  compress   disconnects
truth:  compress   dir

test:  since proxmox is being executed if our pyll is not set .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the most appropriate grouped data in the order .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  form   restoring
truth:  form   data

test:  returns the string to be english in a particular word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  decide   pulls
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns user header string .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  given   assume
truth:  given   header

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  checks if a package name is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  test   stores
truth:  test   name

test:  reverse exception .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  enable the use of the global context variables to feed into the template context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  adds   hanging
truth:  adds   variables

test:  minimize a function using the downhill powell .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   reported
truth:  minimize   function

test:  compile controls namespaces from xml root of the meta .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  get   autoencoder
truth:  get   xml

test:  iterate over a configuration file and install .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   commit
truth:  install   repository

test:  ensures that the given activities really one collection .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  create and configure a new api .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  solves a first order special order differential equation with special coefficients .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  use pexpect to retrieve show ip int brief brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  install a setuptools setuptools setuptools .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the value of the value from the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  returns the ith column of a matrix .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   packs
truth:  returns   transpose

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user information from the message .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  retrieve certname information .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  get   trailing
truth:  get   flag

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  this decorator is the function to ensure a function can be coerced into a generator for a namespace namespace .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  construct volume types from volume based on volume .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   recover
truth:  uninstall   gems

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  transforms a series into a list of strings args: series : series series : the series series : list of strings returns: series .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transforms   renders
truth:  transforms   series

test:  get the line with the first occurence of the lines in the lines .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   limiting
truth:  parse   order

test:  create a new computenode and populates the the the values dictionary .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  returns list of brew brew path .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  attempt forced removal of a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  remove   inputs
truth:  remove   monitor

test:  when not contain utf-8 is utf-8 or plain ascii .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  gets a valid number for the specified region .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  return a single signin header .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  get all available rules cli example: .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  get   content
truth:  get   globals

test:  return path to a pid or conf file for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  format a logger for saving mode to forms chronological .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  factorial(n) -> int calculates the binomial genslices .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  generate   redefine
truth:  generate   slices

test:  converts an ip address string to an ip number .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  convert a dictionary of utc timestamp to a mesos time tuple .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  return etc_services click / machine .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  report   optimize
truth:  report   quotas

test:  extract a pair of strings .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  replace   crack
truth:  replace   _

test:  yaml: tox trigger a job when tox requirements are pushed to .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it should repr the repr string .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  implements   crack
truth:  implements   _

test:  test isolation matrix from a numpy ndarray .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  convert a path to a dotted module name .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  converts   define
truth:  converts   path

test:  return url to remove_tag_async on question .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  decode a bson oid to bson .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   locking
truth:  decode   bson

test:  yield paths/uris of a step log in the step .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  get information and password prefix for a single depth .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  generate   publish
truth:  generate   graph

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  add negative .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  gets a namedtuple of physmem .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  asserts   install
truth:  asserts   response

test:  incrementally run query and return result .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  fetch   xlsx
truth:  fetch   query

test:  copy a file store to package_dirpath .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  persist   forms
truth:  persist   result

test:  removes parameters and params .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  append   populates
truth:  append   params

test:  verify a list of strings .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve datastore policy from the datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  open and reduce reduce .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   bring
truth:  open   page

test:  this method provides a generator of parsed groups of a "group" in a mercurial unbundle10 object .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  ensures that the line number is generated for elts .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   throw
truth:  add   x

test:  non-blocking lock fixture .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  blocking   unlinks
truth:  blocking   fixture

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object returned from django .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  verifies that a certificate is valid and will be a certificate returns true if the certificate was not a valid and false .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  find a file metadata for a bucket .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   post_save
truth:  looks   metadata

test:  show and simplest the common relationship header .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  prints   minpoly(add
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up an attribute on a session object .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  retrieves   encapsulate
truth:  retrieves   instance

test:  skirt the file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  ' -- get the users with the given command .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a dummy test .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  m   cleaning
truth:  m   matrix

test:  takes a list of path to a users file .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  traverse mapreduce into last diff .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  skip test if procs libraries exist on skip .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  iterate over files and yield filenames .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   unlocking
truth:  iterate   source

test:  configures up and run the configuration variables .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a few known widgets for the widgets of a shell .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  extract   generating
truth:  extract   shell

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  mask function .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  implements   control
truth:  implements   generation

test:  validate children .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   banned
truth:  validate   children

test:  start a w2p application and run the code in a jwt file .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs of a file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return the largest embedded raster image in a wmf image .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   abort
truth:  return   raster

test:  returns a tuple of for all violations violations in the given report_file .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  installs a new message for the given gettext .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  returns an iterable of environment variables .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  parse   purge
truth:  parse   requirements

test:  process the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   eliminates
truth:  get   elements

test:  same as a <<= b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs in dataset_attrs import of archive in dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   rearranges
truth:  ensure   import

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  returns   protected
truth:  returns   urlconf

test:  wal the image from a wx without importing it .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  resizes   rabins
truth:  resizes   bitmap

test:  delete an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   initalize
truth:  returns   k

test:  return mounted memory / memory .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  pulls   modify
truth:  pulls   gpu

test:  setup the events for a specific file .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   bump
truth:  setup   definitions

test:  return an instance of the selected database cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  get a specific sm backend by a specific uuid .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   replicate
truth:  get   sm

test:  parse administration administration vm disk .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  determines which handles an e-mail page listed in the request .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  log   knapsack
truth:  log   request

test:  normalize the text of a cl .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  normalizes   supports
truth:  normalizes   text

test:  connect a database connection .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  returns a tuple of the current versions of all configurations .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  update   extract
truth:  update   version

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  compute   annoy
truth:  compute   rank

test:  redirect unix streams if none .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   takes
truth:  redirect   stream

test:  verify given mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  verify   created
truth:  verify   mode

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   multivariate
truth:  test   blocks

test:  create and return a examples .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  annotate   failing
truth:  annotate   style

test:  adds a new exam exam for the user info to the course info page .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  add   colorized
truth:  add   context

test:  strip special characters from a plaintext .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  strip   supports
truth:  strip   text

test:  check if path exists .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return superimposition matrix .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  slope a given variables .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  add the jupyter display script .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  return the most appropriate user class with the given user_id .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  generate a pyherion code .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generates   extract
truth:  generates   version

test:  fix some of the cursor to get .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  replace   plugin
truth:  replace   division

test:  register this function via id .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  sets   located
truth:  sets   method

test:  add the directory dir to the list dirlist if 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   disconnects
truth:  add   dir

test:  inspect a container container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  convenience function for :func:joinedload() .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  mapping   mount
truth:  mapping   task

test:  create a mongo client .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in site .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  return   distribution

test:  commit the repository to the specified tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  compare two strings and right are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  assert   childnodes
truth:  assert   timestamp

test:  page rendered by template .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  generates   touch
truth:  generates   controller

test:  construct an attribute value from the given attributes .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert the url path to a os equivalent .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  normalize   define
truth:  normalize   path

test:  a list of matching add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for a list of prepopulated fields .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative jn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  return the list of all rate limit for this rate .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  pass   unbinds
truth:  pass   exceptions

test:  return the routers function .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  returns true if the local path is running on this machine .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   checkout

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  support   colorized
truth:  support   context

test:  executes up a remount command .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns the smallest text that syncs the given log message .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if the url is a hypervisor_pool .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  close all arrays of enough cases and returns true if x is not interpolation .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  verify   convert
truth:  verify   sequences

test:  verify calling queries on normal methods w/ implicit .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  pulls   ayoung
truth:  pulls   base

test:  construct a query on the given node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  return the long description of a given file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  a test cases where the device is reporting .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  register trigger sensor types .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   autoreleased
truth:  register   types

test:  check if dumper .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  closes   pulls
truth:  closes   null

test:  registers a special log handler .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  registers   decorating
truth:  registers   log

test:  test if a level is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  returns   kills
truth:  returns   assert

test:  copies a query to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   populates
truth:  copies   params

test:  remove gating milestone associated with a given content usage key .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   encoded
truth:  removes   milestone

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   describing
truth:  remove   listener

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   sleep
truth:  removes   files

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  internal function .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns an exception that extracts the given error code from an exception class by parsing a method .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  read mm_stamp tag from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get a list of column weights from the given column .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  display a stats from the response object .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  render   renders
truth:  render   series

test:  run one or more group .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  pyramid distance image to certain corresponding rectangle .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  smooth   forwards
truth:  smooth   image

test:  use processes so they can delete queries .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  adds   expects
truth:  adds   queries

test:  test working copy when a target already exists and has no files .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  test   coupling
truth:  test   target

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  validate username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  compute a first approximation of the euler .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   copies
truth:  get   clusters

test:  decorator for compile namespaces into a single url .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  warn   makes
truth:  warn   namespaces

test:  get the local elements from the aws node .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  rename the servers two source to indicate that the source is in the range .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  renames   enrolls
truth:  renames   destination

test:  formats a float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   bench
truth:  formats   value

test:  returns a version tuple like version .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  attempts   extract
truth:  attempts   version

test:  raise configurationerror if the request alarm alarm .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  write a table as a normal column column on table .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  check that ica .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   intersect
truth:  check   picks

test:  process a value of a python symbol .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  return a conn object for the vms .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  a compatibility function where there is no file statement in the exception .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  convert   shed
truth:  convert   exception

test:  splits a given string into either a positive integer or a positive integer .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  translates the maps requests for a given mapping .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  generate   assign
truth:  generate   requests

test:  this function is for testing .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  read   preload
truth:  read   content

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  remove all objects from the current axes:: .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  try   phred
truth:  try   caches

test:  calculate the sample sample between two arrays .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  raises whatever if the namespace is installed .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  remove all files under root .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   printing
truth:  remove   locale

test:  saves the current status to the unique session .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  saves   iterate
truth:  saves   auth

test:  updates all existing profilers in the db .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  get all snapshots in a collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   contained
truth:  returns   snapshots

test:  set the original flag for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  return information about the license .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   batch
truth:  exchanges   code

test:  return a path to the users html file .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  helper: get a datetime .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  extract   temperature
truth:  extract   date

test:  shorthand for 6 .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  returns a generator of raw bytes .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  customize the compiler .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  pulls   hide
truth:  pulls   distutils

test:  determines the given template .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  gets   storing
truth:  gets   template

test:  returns the region code that matches a specific country calling code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list the the resource pools from opennebula .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  declare the only interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   borrowed
truth:  declare   instances

test:  list active mounts on mac os systems .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  searches for a given search in the form of a given target .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  searches   registers
truth:  searches   product

test:  return a random id in length that are unique in length .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  take a query string and return a unicode object .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  create a new folder .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  returns a dict with keys of function-group liberally private .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  helper for symlognorm our sampling for a custom shape .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  check   expand
truth:  check   permissions

test:  parse and validate headers .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  return a list of current fragmented layout names .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  backward compatibility .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   optimized
truth:  get   script

test:  internal helper function for computing the horizontal .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  computes the rogers-tanimoto dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the mysql error mysql .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  look   colorized
truth:  look   context

test:  given a table of values .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  builds   presents
truth:  builds   mapping

test:  make sure that a ast unicode strings is turned into a string .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  ensure   gauss
truth:  ensure   strings

test:  compute the matrix from a weighted array of pairs .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  get the unicode text from the path encoding .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns an infinite object corresponding to a direct search for the given storage backend .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  look for a specific wsdl with wsdl .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  convert a string or unicode instance to bytes .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  detect   tracked
truth:  detect   s

test:  save a config .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  find a search result by trying to the given host .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  find   hanging
truth:  find   variables

test:  instantiate obj as constructor .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   crack
truth:  instantiate   _

test:  layer2 quota .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   logout
truth:  callback   change

test:  returns the number of megacycles used for the request .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   deprecate
truth:  get   cpu

test:  normalize a multi-line string .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  generate staging style images for staging images .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  rename   sleep
truth:  rename   files

test:  require the default anonymous user .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  runs safe statistics of a graph .
truth: train a model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  parses the format of a response .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   forms
truth:  parse   result

test:  returns changes for svn .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  find the differences between two or arrays .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  computes the normal loglikelihood for normal loglikelihood cut .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  prompts a user for a l2-inf command .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompts   enumerator_list
truth:  prompts   confirmation

test:  regression test for bug where f-contiguous is equivalent .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  a scenario with no tags should respond with no tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses a tag of possible namespaces .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   drawing
truth:  parse   tags

test:  return true if the url belongs to the given url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  check if an rpm is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  check   delay
truth:  check   conda

test:  import import system path from sys .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  utility function to get markdown extensions .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   shortens
truth:  get   classes

test:  merge a layer string into a own extension .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  converts   stores
truth:  converts   name

test:  converts any extra types to the template context .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  returns relaxed average .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  install the python cache file and prompts it into the cache and create the hash of the load_path .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  get a media permissions dict of media permissions .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  loads all tests from a given pattern .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  provide   browse
truth:  provide   testsuite

test:  list entry list .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  show   decoding
truth:  show   lists

test:  prints all the results in both .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   revoked
truth:  prints   details

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  compare two strings .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  helper to parse action .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a pb filter for auto year .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   extract
truth:  run   version

test:  set the given properties on an computenode and update it .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  removes all descendant nodes from node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  remove   banned
truth:  remove   children

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   included
truth:  pooling   cudnn

test:  return from a dictionary .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   named
truth:  setup   z

test:  return a list of filenames that are synonyms for all packages in directory .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  grab   switch
truth:  grab   list

test:  parse a prefixed dict of renewal headers into a dictionary of attributes .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  parse   stubbed
truth:  parse   headers

test:  send session to inform email .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  send   command
truth:  send   session

test:  return the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  default registration form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  helper to call a character .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  wrap   mail
truth:  wrap   creation

test:  this is a wrapper around the call to get the connection value and return the first meta .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  returns a list of path components .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  return   tsv
truth:  return   components

test:  this method calculates a regex from a given string as a regular expression .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  pulls   opened
truth:  pulls   re

test:  a higher order function implemented in top of the original gc .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  add a real server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   clones
truth:  add   server

test:  make a generator of a list of object .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get a colormap instance from a colormap .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  stop a docker container container container container container container id timeout cli example: .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  converts an entity to a dictionary .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  convert   pushing
truth:  convert   model

test:  retrieve symbol for a symbol .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  download   post_save
truth:  download   metadata

test:  remove users in conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   generate
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  pulls   parameterize
truth:  pulls   integers

test:  enable the given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  get the functions that starts with exactly content .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  construct a unique error from a qt container container name .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  talk   pulls
truth:  talk   null

test:  turn a possibly entry into the database .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  gets the look up to obtain our line in the w3af line .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  restores the number of words in a string .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  count   minpoly(add
truth:  count   words

test:  only load if the xmpp module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   cloning
truth:  load   github

test:  ensure that the yaml_ex report are rendered with the given report .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  look up an dns cname and return it .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  given   union
truth:  given   domain

test:  returns website information .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  frobenious xxdot for [random() .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   smooth
truth:  call   vector

test:  the implementation of a linear slicing for %s .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  assert that the supplied output of the given test file exists in the given package .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  wrapper for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  default   pulls
truth:  default   null

test:  check a successive .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  check   pickles
truth:  check   reverse

test:  a decorator to be called before executing a modifier function .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  extract the given list of paths into a single pattern .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  match   looping
truth:  match   node

test:  test if xml_obj file with assumptions are not binary .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return predefined error message .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  apply a palette to each pixel .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  get   resume
truth:  get   pil

test:  returns a random string/key of "b" characters in length .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  parse extra files into dict .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parses   tile
truth:  parses   information

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  add attributes to an attribute for a type specified by the type .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   dedent
truth:  add   printer

test:  restful crud controller for the organisation controller - all outbound organisation are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if http status code is success .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  compute the x and y as vectors .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  returns a system stream for byte processing .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  loads tasks from environment variables as a dict .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  delete to delete a single inventory class .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  add new certificate private key certificate to site .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  merge 2 dicts by adding the values .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  given a host .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  detect filename with strings into a single string .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  check that requirements is a valid requirements .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a trigger type db object in the db .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  create a container from a running container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   satisfy
truth:  create   container

test:  normalize the headers from the response .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  sort   stubbed
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get raw text from prosite .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  pulls   wrapping
truth:  pulls   handle

test:  installs changed .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  run   navigates
truth:  run   cron

test:  run command line and return its output .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   downgrades
truth:  command   point

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  returns the native file in contenttype .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  perform any argument value coercion necessary for unix client parameters .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  helper function to get the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  set the rate limiting of the given rate limiting .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  enable   formatted
truth:  enable   rate

test:  entry point for the script .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns a string of first clients clients .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns a tuple of the drop table .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   basestring
truth:  place   migration

test:  return code object for given function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  this function generates all languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  returns attribute of the default value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  parse a date/time string into a dictionary with the given values .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a cgsnapshot group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  creates an argument group .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  makes   localize
truth:  makes   reference

test:  return the deployment_config_file deployment .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  retrieves   killed
truth:  retrieves   network

test:  gets an attribute of the template attribute .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return the url contained in words .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  main section of the results for yn .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  create copy .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  minify   receiving
truth:  minify   js

test:  set up the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  test a testcase which return ifilesystemsnapshots having ifilesystemsnapshots which .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  create   reflect
truth:  create   testcase

test:  rc4 decryption of encoded and encode them .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  rc4   customized
truth:  rc4   salt

test:  write the repository output file .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  analyze   labeled
truth:  analyze   file

test:  adds the given function and workflow to the new vdis .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  used   supplied
truth:  used   api

test:  jupyter the client .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  make sure that a gem ruby is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  test downloading a package from reqs file that has been imported from reqs .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  verify that the stack passed in horizontal .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  stack   pulls
truth:  stack   null

test:  returns the info of a process .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test that we can remove nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   embedded
truth:  test   example

test:  update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   resolving
truth:  update   defaults

test:  convert a coefficient update array to a matrix .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  builds   divides
truth:  builds   matrices

test:  retrieves all consistencygroups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  ensures that all build arguments have the same files that do not have a generator of the build .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  emulate   pings
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  no test configuration files used to recognize y_true .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  helper function to convert nullable type for a nullable type .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   enhanced
truth:  update   object

test:  get a list of all matplotlib backend names .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  writeable file object that atomically updates a file .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  open   enhanced
truth:  open   object

test:  read an image from file as list of named tuples .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  return a content content corresponding to the given tree .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  convenience function for :func:joinedload() .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  parses a command line option and returns a tuple containing the options .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  used   float
truth:  used   decorator

test:  command : print error .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   display
truth:  command   print

test:  sns a remote branch to force remote server .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  deploy   cloning
truth:  deploy   github

test:  returns the table item from doc text text .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  fetch   bounds
truth:  fetch   table

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  wrapper around start .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a csv file from a list of padding .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  read   store
truth:  read   memory

test:  setup global just setup .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   bounds
truth:  setup   table

test:  make an api curve keypair .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  generate   unlock
truth:  generate   keypair

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  test   equalize
truth:  test   email

test:  return true if the object is a code generator .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  alternate shell file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outline   del
truth:  outline   gcode

test:  plots the result of a newly day .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  validate out the common parameter .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  pulls   visit
truth:  pulls   padding

test:  return the length of the two strings in a range .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  string   databook
truth:  string   comparison

test:  compute the sum of where each feature is in *n* .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   restrict
truth:  compute   array

test:  a factory to determine whether a system is inside a web machine .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  validates some cases as a markdown field or db_property on a given field .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escapes   supports
truth:  escapes   text

test:  solves separable 1st order differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  returns a vim error message object .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  check if a file is present in the system fn .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   allowed
truth:  connect   aws

test:  deletes the item_deleted and enable the usage for the given user .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  deletes   bdecodes
truth:  deletes   xblock

test:  extract module_content .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  reports for embedded .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  debugging   reported
truth:  debugging   function

test:  provides normalized version of exif .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  split a numpy array of a string expression into a numpy expression .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   rrmgr
truth:  split   threshold

test:  new agent form .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  same as the items in a sequence .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  check for the default parameters .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  given a date in the piece of the corresponding date .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  check   temperature
truth:  check   date

test:  expression_opt : empty .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   pulls
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  return events information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return a specific tenants cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  compute updates gradient .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  pulls   increment
truth:  pulls   gradient

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate media nodes according to the current footer .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  returns a store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  delete table and/or proposals from a unset .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  deletes   bounds
truth:  deletes   table

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  place an order by specified value amount amount rather than specific specified .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  get a platform-agnostic 2-tuple of the absolute paths of the top-level external data directories for both tcl and tk .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  test column parameter .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  calculate md5sum of a binary file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  configure email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   equalize
truth:  email   email

test:  runs an example for the given example .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   tear
truth:  run   module

test:  sibling of nonnegative integer constant in the range [0 .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  access currency to use as an attribute name .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  download a mission from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  downloads   startup
truth:  downloads   mission

test:  call appropriate keyword arguments and kwargs .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  calls   filters
truth:  calls   fn

test:  generate a combined whitespace .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  set   providing
truth:  set   tensor

test:  set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  gets an image objects from a file .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  read   mounts
truth:  read   objects

test:  return the appropriate plugin of kind .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   identifies
truth:  set   plugin

test:  set the system module if the kernel is present .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  load   calculate
truth:  load   windows

test:  copy one or more filesystem snapshots to a single filesystem .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   aligns
truth:  copy   volume

test:  sanitize spatial spatial function for no_proxy .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  sets   resizes
truth:  sets   icon

test:  converts a set of lists into a block of lists .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  constructs   cleaning
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  create sailthru list .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  create a new db .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  simple multivariate normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  verify that the provided file is a portname check .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  recursively obfuscate a dictionary of key/value pairs .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  recursive   autoreleased
truth:  recursive   types

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  pulls   input
truth:  pulls   generators

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original folders for both single season and multi .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   bartels
truth:  filters   contents

test:  populate modules .
truth: if present . 
test:  present   pulls
truth:  present   null

test:  returns a domain of when the current site where the given prefix is not none .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   usage
truth:  move   rows

test:  make sure the replica set .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute lc in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  expand   overlay
truth:  expand   func

test:  list groups for groups .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   decide
truth:  list   groups

test:  extract a model with its members .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  express   restoring
truth:  express   data

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   persists
truth:  return   subsequence

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get roles of current user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  break tuple of environment variables from a class .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  traverse   safe_octal
truth:  traverse   class

test:  returns the document slug for a given request .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  given   logarithmic
truth:  given   slug

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   display
truth:  like   print

test:  register a new trophy .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   shows
truth:  register   subclass

test:  raises frappe .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   gunicorn
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  returns a list of pre-trained attributes .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  set the param info cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   modbus
truth:  creates   cookie

test:  returns an iterable of all in-process videos .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  returns   aliased
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the current idle server .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  contains   exposes
truth:  contains   values

test:  instantiate a compiler class for the given class .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  outputs a life tensor .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  transform   centers
truth:  transform   labels

test:  mangle a named group .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  mangle   stores
truth:  mangle   name

test:  creates a document .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  make the series expansion of a polynomial f in the series expansion .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  function   renders
truth:  function   series

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  computes the maximum of the minimum along an axis ignoring nan .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  encode a single html line of no_proxy .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  show idle-format warning after replacing warnings .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   eventlet
truth:  show   warning

test:  convenience function to display a db value for the db api .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  initialize the helptopic model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   pushing
truth:  initialize   model

test:  extracts any key-value parameters from an http header string .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  update the state of the task for the given inputs .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   mount
truth:  update   task

test:  returns the unix socket with / .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   closes
truth:  return   +

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  compare all modules with checkboxes .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  start and run a connection .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  build a request to be created using suggestions .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  builds   restoring
truth:  builds   data

test:  adds terms with zero coefficients from monom .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  generate a single multiprocessing parameter in parallel .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  proceed the ~ of the password line .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  find the node where the first node is found .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   incoming
truth:  find   op

test:  fetch revision changes .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  display   loads
truth:  display   changes

test:  convert a number to an integer .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  decorator for a method .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  new project form .
truth: new project form . 
test:  project   r^2
truth:  project   form

test:  asserts that two arrays are not close .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  removes a rabbitmq via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  return boolean series/array whether given pattern/regex is actually in the string .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   printed
truth:  replace   pattern

test:  download a url to a given url .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  install a virtual environment into the virtual directory .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  install   unquoting
truth:  install   environment

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   exposes
truth:  accepts   values

test:  get the profiles directory for which to use .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  removes all users on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   spawn
truth:  configures   devices

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   pyopenssls
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  partial release complete section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   alignment
truth:  release   section

test:  yields a blob that resets the state of a blob .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  adds a new task to a queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  shortcut   mount
truth:  shortcut   task

test:  compute a geo distance for a and b parameters a : 1-d variable of x and b .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  pulls   algorithm
truth:  pulls   points

test:  convert a string of a given filename to a valid ascii filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  test subunit output teardown .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  remove an element from the point .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   uncheck
truth:  remove   element

test:  return a numpy dtype .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  converts   embeds
truth:  converts   pandas

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  return a resolution resolution of the given argument .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  return a matches a given name .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  tests   stores
truth:  tests   name

test:  helper function to check if api is a valid api .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  validate   listen
truth:  validate   key

test:  get class resolver class to be class .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  test a single bundle bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  test datetime validation .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  sets the value of the header of the provided response .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  add   assume
truth:  add   header

test:  returns a dict of all parameters needed to query parameters .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  sign   offset
truth:  sign   parameters

test:  initialize the module as when a each request is tour/config .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  extend   currents
truth:  extend   state

test:  converts an xml string to a callback .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  translate   bench
truth:  translate   value

test:  adds a hook to the log type for a specific value .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   takes
truth:  scan   stream

test:  registered handler for adding an arbitrary type to the dispatch view .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  run sample correlation tests for a panel-like array of permutations .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  it computes the mean squared squared squared squared points .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  returns true if a cohort cohort is made to a specific course .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of unique elements .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  create   attributes
truth:  create   arrays

test:  default java-style console handlers to take precedence .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  check whether socket is present on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   win
truth:  check   sockets

test:  show config .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  change   freezing
truth:  change   configuration

test:  collect a valid master from master and return a list of hosts .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  get   fake
truth:  get   load

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   deserialize
truth:  respond   csv

test:  declares a flag as key for the calling module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  registers   enhanced
truth:  registers   object

test:  create a rtu .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  return openshift version .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  get   causes
truth:  get   openshift

test:  return identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  return   throttle
truth:  return   unit

test:  generate instance of info for a show page in a show page .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  create an array of pairs from a random name .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  get an item from the queue .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  attempts   urlencode
truth:  attempts   item

test:  returns a password hash of a password hash algorithm .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  return   terminate
truth:  return   password

test:  creates a query to filter items based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  convert a timedelta .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  register a new application .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  return the encoding declaration according to the given text .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  function   engulfing
truth:  function   coding

test:  calculates the humans: exported of each cci element of the histogram .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  recursively resolve an iterator from a python class .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  map   pending
truth:  map   default

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses configured on provided interface .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  gets a free disk disk for the given system .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  gemm computing a dimshuffle -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  delete a token and all its d1 .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  removes   enhanced
truth:  removes   object

test:  merge 2 dicts .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  combines   review
truth:  combines   keys

test:  create an exception class .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  run -> command line interface .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  check   match
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write statistics for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  helper to scale bem surface data .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  scale   labeled
truth:  scale   file

test:  check to see if a member exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  check   archive
truth:  check   member

test:  compress the user without importing the home directory .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  reverse   overlay
truth:  reverse   func

test:  returns a list of unique configuration names of the requested *domains .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  checks   estimating
truth:  checks   domains

test:  reconstruct the object value .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  reconstruct   enhanced
truth:  reconstruct   object

test:  a decorator to protect hashable methods .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  makes   safe_octal
truth:  makes   class

test:  compares two strings of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   gauss
truth:  compares   strings

test:  draw a networkx graph g .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   aliased
truth:  attach   json

test:  return edge path between two edges .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  same as a rshift b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  usage: {% page_permissions page as follower %} sets the context .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  adds   bring
truth:  adds   page

test:  save information from instance_type into a flavor object .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   dictview
truth:  save   instance_type

test:  returns the unitary .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   attached
truth:  returns   statistic

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for history .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  enable   remove
truth:  enable   history

test:  transform a string to binary string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  rcctl(8) is only available on systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  pad a string for use with a certain number of characters .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  pads   shared
truth:  pads   string

test:  consistently the last line log .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  stop and return a power iterate .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stops   colorized
truth:  stops   context

test:  returns a string with number of bytes in adheres to a single string .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  syntax checking: missing scenarios are missing .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  pulls   splits
truth:  pulls   checking

test:  get a view that can be provided to the current request .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  get   iterate
truth:  get   auth

test:  return a dict of all available locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  handle matrices by given each row in the matrix .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  pregnancy pregnancy values of pregnancy values for pregnancy data .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  test instance of .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  this simply sends an arbitrary stdin or sys .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  like print_exc() but return a list or limit .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  format   applied
truth:  format   trace

test:  register a new test suite .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  upload   sleep
truth:  upload   files

test:  require an existing site .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  handles   access
truth:  handles   url

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  create a class that will create partial functions that generate the specific init service .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  return a pending computer reboot .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  a simple structure .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  pulls   imageidfield
truth:  pulls   debugging

test:  removes authentication attributes from text .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure column of a source file containing list of arrays .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  pulls   accepting
truth:  pulls   e

test:  test cloning from url .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   r^2
truth:  create   form

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  a helper function for adding ordered positions to a series of bucket .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  extract   shared
truth:  extract   string

test:  parses an http date string and returns a utc datetime .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  given   temperature
truth:  given   date

test:  validate the username/password configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  accepts a pytree pattern and returns a set of the pattern types which will be skipped based on pattern .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   looping
truth:  accepts   node

test:  clean up the module if it doesnt exist .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  computes degree of degree on a dense series of degree .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  returns   indicate
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  delete an login login .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  deletes   plan
truth:  deletes   profile

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  equivalent and convert an alignment file and exactly value .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   building
truth:  read   tag

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  configure flocker certificates on the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   decompresses
truth:  configure   flocker

test:  make the input data in the array .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  sort   restrict
truth:  sort   array

test:  convert a dictionary mapping values to a orderable=false dict .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  list all cache subnet groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prepend the given path .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  prepend   pulls
truth:  prepend   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restore references to a ccx .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   weblate
truth:  restore   references

test:  ishow all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  return true if the given variable is a shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  check   transliterate
truth:  check   variable

test:  suggest column names on table columns when selecting a qualified-table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  returns true if the sgemv needs an sgemv distribution .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  scaled scaled code is either i or the first integer .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  restores the top logging configuration from the logging module .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  function to ensure that name is grant in a normal state .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  remove   stores
truth:  remove   name

test:  try to menu the menu with menu .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  generate   preselected
truth:  generate   choice

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   reorders
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  clean up the datastore stub if necessary .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  return a list of sorted samples in the order .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  select   clones
truth:  select   server

test:  generate a text to call to the notification graph .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  responds   simulating
truth:  responds   input

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  decorator that thumbnails thumbnails .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts an application argument into an application processor .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  converts   belong
truth:  converts   hook

test:  inject globally into file .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  set the errout .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  execute optional directly on a specific database .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  test __getitem__ in exception mode .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  turns an alignment file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  convert reducing strings to a nested expression .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  pulls   sympy
truth:  pulls   slice

test:  the pricing module .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  training controller - used for searching for participants .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   touch
truth:  training   controller

test:  decode a string message into a list of integers .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  chops   pulls
truth:  chops   null

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  scan a postfix submission line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  test for get word from java file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test for image backends .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  tests   thinks
truth:  tests   issue

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  enable the named container cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  remove a funct .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  get a list of containers representing all applications that have a deployment .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  turn   currents
truth:  turn   state

test:  label labels .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  select   go
truth:  select   channels

test:  when a wsgi middleware .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  a helper function for finding or string .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  make a string of 4: .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  string   padded
truth:  string   evaluation

test:  completely clear the data in the minion cache .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   sleep
truth:  clear   files

test:  return a dict describing an image in the history history .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  iterate the function of a variable .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  apply   overlay
truth:  apply   func

test:  return the path for a disk image file .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns a function .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  attempts   guessing
truth:  attempts   namespace

test:  return numeric numeric scalar for a string .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a function of the decorated method .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  wrap   filters
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for filterform .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a component .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   msg
truth:  write   component

test:  gets a summary of the article from a summary of the article .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test freezing a exclude file .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a number of events the endraw adapter .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  shift   rescales
truth:  shift   event

test:  deletes a post document .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to log datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  generate symbol for a graph .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  capture the next event .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  open the buffer of the current context .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  used   compresses
truth:  used   statement

test:  set the effective group of a specific user .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   theorem
truth:  change   privileges

test:  compute spherical bessel function jn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  convert a string .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in save .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a set of documents from the search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  removes   revoke
truth:  removes   collections

test:  decode a string into multiple documents arguments: - string: the alphabet to use for encoding .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   ayoung
truth:  decode   base

test:  clear the cached plot .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns the url for the course position .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  return   pivoted
truth:  return   place

test:  return a karma object with karma .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   aristas
truth:  return   titles

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get a role policy for a role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function for comprehensive releases if theres the current release version of the workflow .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  check   bandstop
truth:  check   release

test:  returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to use idle .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  return the certificate signed ca ca certificates .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  replace unicode strings by using the data .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  preprocessing   teardown
truth:  preprocessing   type

test:  extract a symlink from a source file .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  a simple generator of n elements of a matrix n .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  make sure current representation survives in the kinesis representation .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  remove a a review request from a fieldset .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   entries
truth:  unregister   review

test:  returns an image .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  delete specified attachment specs .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  loads all modules from a module .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  load   unlocks
truth:  load   lexer

test:  parse the command line and return .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  start the attributes of a running attributes .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  translate   replace
truth:  translate   create

test:  delete the object from s3 key .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  function   mixing
truth:  function   cleanup

test:  ask for a question to be updated with the given default value .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  parse an integer .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  convert a sound check string value as a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   files
truth:  convert   check

test:  accepts a timezone string and a timezone name .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   support
truth:  accepts   time

test:  set an alert device to the device .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  computes a diagonal .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  return a weak weak from keyword arguments .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  calculate   listen
truth:  calculate   key

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  return the number of dbref that are equal to the given number of reqhash .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  make all possible expressions .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  evaluates   binhexed
truth:  evaluates   tests

test:  test whether gpu is preserved by theano function .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  test   lift
truth:  test   behaviour

test:  extraordinary module that defines the correct output for ipython .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  checks   retrive
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the leftmost mean vector for the vector noise noise .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  corrupts   smooth
truth:  corrupts   vector

test:  generate between path .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get the info structure for an account .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   differentiate
truth:  get   accounts

test:  a decorator that caches the decorated function abstract .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the latest version of the latest gce instance .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  trigger background events for allocations .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   challengenes
truth:  trigger   hooks

test:  add a contributor document to the document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   failed
truth:  add   contributor

test:  require the given module .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  save   deflate
truth:  save   config

test:  returns the size in bytes .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  runs a dummy script with the dummy delay .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  run   rect
truth:  run   work

test:  send a bunch of network functions in a push socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  echo   prioritized
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrapper for hub page titles .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  return an latest representation of a repository from the provided repository for the received repository .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  convert unicode content to unicode .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  example: when i run "behave .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  construct an html string from a stream of s .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  test column and column fields for column file .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  replace   mutate
truth:  replace   column

test:  get start payroll for a year .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  returns   reencrypt
truth:  returns   start

test:  runs the result of the result and response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  steps that match groups takes named groups as named .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  function to trailing unicode representation of expr .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   express
truth:  renames   -

test:  return the version string for both the flocker version of the rpm version .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  parse   extract
truth:  parse   version

test:  function which very test as an iterable .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   ignores
truth:  read   meg

test:  check the inverse of the various log-likelihood .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return the first non f-ticks/ server or none if no port is given .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  parse   receives
truth:  parse   port

test:  creates an access token for use with the application .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  access   emit
truth:  access   access

test:  gets the name of the index index for the group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  select a directory from the given list of paths .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  restful crud controller for resource .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if symmetric file can be source_index .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  run a remote check as a string .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   allocate
truth:  run   user

test:  this to start a keystone client .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  computes the l2 l2 l2 basis .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  projects   reported
truth:  projects   function

test:  return true if the ipv4 address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  get absolute area of a complex polygon .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   clamp
truth:  get   area

test:  determine if the tool is currently installed .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  sets the unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   translates
truth:  sets   flags

test:  decorator to make sure that the cart of the given connection is not available .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  sort and return a subset of the parameters of the filters: : pd .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  filters out if a package after + added + removed .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  given   increase
truth:  given   nodes

test:  load the shape for the lh .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  give   overwrites
truth:  give   shape

test:  return matching the args of a function .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue return them .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   pulls
truth:  pop   null

test:  creates and returns a tuple .
truth: input data . 
test:  input   restoring
truth:  input   data

test:  validate the arguments provided in a function .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  test installing from a local directory with a local wildcards .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read the gpg gpg variable of the gpg driver .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   absorb
truth:  return   gpg

test:  implement the iternext function .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  submits the most recent workers in the given list of filenames .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  format   sleep
truth:  format   files

test:  a simple login protected view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  encodes a serialized object to the given object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  serializes   enhanced
truth:  serializes   object

test:  cpu is a potential potential implementation of energy .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  pulls   humanized
truth:  pulls   energy

test:  convert any option dependencies into a dict .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  return a tuple containing a single intersection of a iban function .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  returns   restart
truth:  returns   account

test:  grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   constructs
truth:  grab   lock

test:  allows you to add some xml output to xml .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays horizontally .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   extract
truth:  prints   version

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  used   mixing
truth:  used   cleanup

test:  register an entry from a registration list .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a tensor .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  get   overriding
truth:  get   dimension

test:  make a class model class streaming from a class .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  serialize   pushing
truth:  serialize   model

test:  if a specific theme configuration .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  registers up the database to the database .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  pulls   shutdown
truth:  pulls   tables

test:  return true if a given virtual machine exists .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  query   hostname
truth:  query   vm

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function for comparing the value of a multipart www .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  unary_expression : sizeof lparen type_name rparen .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to return a list of the errors configuration errors .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   ssl
truth:  returns   errors

test:  return a .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  ensure that the current transaction is needs to be installed .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  determines   grouping
truth:  determines   system

test:  set the data for the clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  set   filter_template
truth:  set   clipboard

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  check that a slug name is valid .
truth: check slug . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  creates a tuple of for all of the strings in sequence .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a project object based on where the given .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  callback that measures a tar periodogram .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  merge a single hash algorithm into a single string .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  given   bench
truth:  given   value

test:  writes a signatures of the child signatures .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  calculate last modified datetime of a range .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  guess   pulls
truth:  guess   null

test:  try to pad an object .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  tear down a module .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  makes a increasing passed to increasing .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  makes   applied
truth:  makes   trace

test:  return the full versions of the server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  set a android .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  return events to default events .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return the nth variance of a random expression about a single histogram parameters condition : the upper endpoint for each sample of the values of the values lie .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  extracts the levenshtein value from the given string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  additive_expression the filter in reverse based on the depth_first and all other fields .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  mean   forget
truth:  mean   inverse

test:  return info on an installed image uuid : string optional uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  show   mix
truth:  show   manifest

test:  converts a version string to a tuple .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parses   address
truth:  parses   sqlalchemy

test:  check all entrance exam problems to a entrance exam .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  grabs   unmap
truth:  grabs   descriptors

test:  for activations .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  return field methods from a dictionary .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a complex path around the component .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the [2 field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  strips expression from s .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  checking   tracked
truth:  checking   s

test:  compute harris corner measure response image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   install
truth:  compute   response

test:  get a class from obj which is used to get the class identified by the show representation of the class .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  get   crack
truth:  get   _

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   restrict
truth:  prewitt   array

test:  makes the provided query for all the specified query .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  add a broadcast .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   moving
truth:  add   broadcast

test:  find all python files in a subdirectory by the directory .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  url   paging
truth:  url   interface

test:  delete a form .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  returns true if the server is running in the same port .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  given   receives
truth:  given   port

test:  add an ip address to the ckan file .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   preloading
truth:  add   host

test:  test relative requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  perform an a record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  itemfield view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  sends an dry email to the target .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  copied   alteratives
truth:  copied   website

test:  the args / kwargs should not be executed .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  replace   emitting
truth:  replace   character

test:  load p from a query .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  needed for windows .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  win   pulls
truth:  win   null

test:  process all the data .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   gzip
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder hash of chart .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  show commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  print   compressing
truth:  print   menu

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   cast
truth:  commits   transaction

test:  change library to use a encrypted package name .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  specify   excluded
truth:  specify   party

test:  return a shared variable b: .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  set   skipping
truth:  set   score

test:  fixture that provides a test forum in a single forum .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  locked   stops
truth:  locked   topic

test:  return a list of all extensions extensions .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  get   hydrate
truth:  get   core

test:  literals a document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  disassociate specified qos specs from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  get a tcp function by name .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  this is a helper function for a filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  remove the given url from the beginning of a given url .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  yaml: maven execute a maven build step .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  modified   access
truth:  modified   url

test:  restores an existing plugin configuration from the register plugin events .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  split a c expression into a sign expression .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  return str in a utf8 encoded string representation of type str .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  test plot .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  check   flattens
truth:  check   output

test:  this test is a wrapper around the python code .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  return true if the object instance is a list-like string .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  statement_list : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  compute executive problem for a course and push it to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   escapes
truth:  compute   student

test:  modify zfs arc for a four arc .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 2-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  determine if the provided signature is invalid .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the boxcox density of a given vector .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  compute   collate
truth:  compute   box

test:  adds additional requests to the permutations .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  fit   impute
truth:  fit   topology

test:  tests if we can load a samples from a folder with right folder .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  not plot if develop is not a ldap status code .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  passing   uppercase
truth:  passing   harvest

test:  see datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  validates the host mapping for a given host provided .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  validate   presents
truth:  validate   mapping

test:  tries to find the users preferred document if possible .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  pulls   equate
truth:  pulls   browser

test:  compare two sequences: elements given a set .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   eliminates
truth:  compare   elements

test:  create a url instance with a more readable querystring .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  just check for any of the given flow .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a hook tree that is saved .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  clobber   constrain
truth:  clobber   attribute

test:  classify rtepairs from a set of functions .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  classify   safe_octal
truth:  classify   class

test:  solves the continuous subsequence of a square matrix n .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  restores all table names from an table .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  modifies   step
truth:  modifies   names

test:  return a list of filenames for all font files in a given directory that isnt supported by supported on the system .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  create a new bookmark .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  create   reallocation
truth:  create   collection

test:  instantiates histogram summary .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  attach   height
truth:  attach   lot

test:  creates a function from a entity_pb .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  copy   localize
truth:  copy   reference

test:  creates the extension for the specified trigger .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  try to mock a list of [token .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  mock   authorizes
truth:  mock   command

test:  returns true if the object is a generator .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the text output with a none derived in make .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  update default configuration options for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  update   forbid
truth:  update   options

test:  apply the twitter option to the given option .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  choose   uncheck
truth:  choose   element

test:  ensure that all files arent loaded .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  files   sleep
truth:  files   files

test:  zip ony message route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  format   astring
truth:  format   route

test:  get revision revision .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  command : def id equals expr to expr optstep .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   search
truth:  command   d

test:  returns a list of the form of the provided dimensions .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return usb_devices information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  decorator for generators that return a method on a argument which it is later as a log base of a function .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a model that is visible by a layer in interesting .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  construct   reported
truth:  construct   function

test:  compute univariate polynomial of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  fill an inset gcode file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  fill   labeled
truth:  fill   file

test:  get a list of the configuration ident from the device .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the last line of the previous line .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   flattens
truth:  asserts   output

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes edges from graph .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns the left and right vowel between w .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  create a snapshot of body .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   expect
truth:  create   body

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   base64
truth:  construct   ring

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  sets the useragent for a cas .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  set   reading
truth:  set   agent

test:  check to make sure the default .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  dummy function for accepting a resource .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  hook   teardown
truth:  hook   type

test:  ensures theyre in bulk_data using a normal leaf parameters expr : blaze .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  split   array
truth:  split   computation

test:  provided a user and updates it to an email address .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  this is a proxy function to override microsite_configuration behind comprehensive theming .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  override   statsd
truth:  override   timeout

test:  bump cache for product in case shop is not given all the shop products for the product is bumped .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  bump   eliminating
truth:  bump   cache

test:  cache param determines how to enable enable 'dogpile backend .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  caching   pulls
truth:  caching   null

test:  return a list of traffic server info from the local file .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  finds value for a node that maps the input file to a tool dict .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns the bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  try to find a path from sys .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  remove all files below a tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  these acl complexes to a single record .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  represent   shutdown
truth:  represent   tables

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   whiteboard
truth:  encode   payload

test:  return a list of raw resources for the source .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   bans
truth:  return   resources

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  returns the description of a select function for equal to it .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  returns the peak vector values .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  scale   bench
truth:  scale   value

test:  yaml: rvm start rvm class for builds .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   accept
truth:  pulls   env

test:  return the surface constraint that are inside a surface or between rd .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  pulls   carves
truth:  pulls   constraint

test:  paste deploy entry point for now .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  adds   grant
truth:  adds   power

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  run any extra tests and remove a folder .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  waits for any of the mailchimp with clean up to minimize .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  determine if a given image path is a valid image file .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  group items by backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  start a locale for the locale form .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  connection string to a i3 connection .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the task for a given instructortask entry in the given instructortask .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns the user invoice for the given course .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  gets   serializes
truth:  gets   preferences

test:  save config file .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  convert   freezing
truth:  convert   configuration

test:  multiplies two matrices .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  multiplies   highlight
truth:  multiplies   row

test:  the pprint for all functions .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  base   unbinds
truth:  base   exceptions

test:  converts a scalar .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  convert   adds
truth:  convert   r

test:  test unicode slugify with banned characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  determine if the given depth is periodical on the tree toc of the given node .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  detect   enhanced
truth:  detect   object

test:  require several rpm packages to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  split a list of files into status of status .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  files   point
truth:  files   status

test:  get the skeinforge plugins directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  supply a lazy client for the collection .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  convert a uri to the form of a uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return a connected component of the graph .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  returns all templates and translated templates in the given set of those templates .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   pulls
truth:  command   null

test:  sample from a class probabilities .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  retrieve a quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   optimize
truth:  retrieve   quotas

test:  convert a class or list of dicts to a specific dictionary .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  function   puts
truth:  function   canvas

test:  the kullback-leibler divergence_ loss .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  computes the longitude longitude of an earths .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  pulls   basestring
truth:  pulls   migration

test:  get a nullhandler logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add site queue .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  add   equalize
truth:  add   email

test:  returns the number of m .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  pulls   demos
truth:  pulls   scan

test:  remove all csr or single section reference from the internal list of handlers .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  calculates the maximum of the minimum value in an array .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  decorator to protect tests as retrying .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return the turan graph represented by a directed graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   config
truth:  return   patterns

test:  read file with encoding and return encoding .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  migrates location credentials to new storage image credentials .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   expose
truth:  migrate   credentials

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  add   base64
truth:  add   ring

test:  add a pool to the f5 load balancer cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  stop all workers .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  check   resulting
truth:  check   workers

test:  return true if any of the marketing marketing marketing link .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  generates *n* description from a series of potential .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  tokenize   shared
truth:  tokenize   string

test:  a dummy function for pprint .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  get an sqlalchemy group of type of class .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test major dots with no labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   stop
truth:  test   dots

test:  defines twos events / "{status:{from:4 .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  pulls   toggle
truth:  pulls   infinite

test:  ensure the named vm is running on the computenode .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  starts   jitter
truth:  starts   guest

test:  see if the vdi is a vdi .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  generic error message about error and raise a warning .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  transforms a dataframe to a text using a different attribute .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  transform   autoencoder
truth:  transform   xml

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  test disarmed slugify with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  pulls   server_root
truth:  pulls   opts

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  helper function to retrieve and call the current credentials .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  obtain   occurring
truth:  obtain   authorization

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   rising
truth:  return   group

test:  update a quota class .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   stores
truth:  update   name

test:  run command on a file .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  open the users who cpu: cpu: cpu: .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  triggers the rating for a post .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   computing
truth:  test   initialisation

test:  regression test for a regression where an angle of position from a regression .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  test that the cookiecutter directory works ok when you cant be created .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  guess the path for a pathname .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  marks a function as being exempt from the mode mode .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  make   built
truth:  make   maintenance

test:  returns a common string of count ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   collects
truth:  returns   count

test:  returns a group topic delete confirmation page .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   enumerator_list
truth:  returns   confirmation

test:  decorator for methods that are bench only .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  returns the position of the courseware with courseware in the course .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  convert a id_3 n to lux .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return a list of that are available for the given system .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  provides   trivial
truth:  provides   connection

test:  verifies that a directory does not provided .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   crop
truth:  verifies   directory

test:  check if a service is available on windows .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return an understandable line from jinja error output .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  check if environment variables defined in the environment variables .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the bytecode .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  convert   divides
truth:  convert   matrices

test:  split a string into list of hosts and port .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  run a process and return its output .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   publish
truth:  save   graph

test:  return the date from :const:true .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  removes link with trailing whitespace from c{text} .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  save image to a list of image .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   bench
truth:  save   value

test:  test purging user using user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   archive
truth:  format   member

test:  generate a single random asset key .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generates   enhanced
truth:  generates   object

test:  read named ranges .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   overwriting
truth:  read   ranges

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns the latest release of the latest release tag .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  remove a logrotate script for the logs that was created .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  removes   optimized
truth:  removes   script

test:  lookup a command list by name .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  get vector3 from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  search a query .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  pad   eliminates
truth:  pad   elements

test:  resolve a class to a mandatory attributes .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  resolve   instantiate
truth:  resolve   arguments

test:  only work on darwin with moduleonlyworksonmac .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   local_rvs
truth:  require   addons

test:  convert from scale-independent .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  run breakpoint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   reserializes
truth:  run   widget

test:  set the extra value of the extra function .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  aggregated restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a list of groups the named user belongs to .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with guestbook_name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   listen
truth:  constructs   key

test:  run tests from the unittest test suite .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  shared   pulls
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  read from xml string .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  utility function to check if the node is higher than the same node as the current node .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  search   reported
truth:  search   function

test:  registers an action to be normally when the given session is complete .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  prompt   pick
truth:  prompt   callback

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  a decorator to add a single test class to an existing class .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the serial ports .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  finds   step
truth:  finds   names

test:  modules home page .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add plugins and the menu to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  returns a quicksort for an object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a generator that yields the contents of a number .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  generate   packed
truth:  generate   chunks

test:  get the packages currently active in the network device .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  compute eeg average .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  helper method maximum_size a polygon polygon in taking .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  given   logs
truth:  given   vertices

test:  get a frontend instance from host .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  determine   negate
truth:  determine   resource

test:  match the given report against any of the given report in the given report .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  extract   enhance
truth:  extract   items

test:  a move of dictionaries of the categories of the dictionaries [0 .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  given   stacks
truth:  given   states

test:  unserialize raw post data into urlencoded .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  accept   express
truth:  accept   -

test:  get an api query for the given service .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given an instance of the payment and a maintain provider .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  get   svn
truth:  get   dicts

test:  transform a numpy array into a numpy array .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transform   attributes
truth:  transform   arrays

test:  generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  enable the entity cache .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   eliminating
truth:  enable   cache

test:  like ha1} .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  infer   pulls
truth:  infer   null

test:  set the property of a cluster property prop name of the property extra_args additional options for the value of the pcs cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  sync user emails .
truth: keep user . 
test:  keep   allocate
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a 405 method that should be around pages .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the error message for the given file .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  get account information on an elb policy .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  create an instance of the host gateway .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  retrieve the correct type .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  return   settings

test:  a2enmod valid .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  query the current library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  tries   wheather
truth:  tries   library

test:  when installing from a upgrade specific version and does upgrade if it does not already upgrade .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  convert a dotted path to a file system path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  calculate and save the support forum .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  return the entire language code with the given language code .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  return   iuploader
truth:  return   lookup

test:  set up the requested world air quality index .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  prints all commands and command commands .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  return true if text is a host domain name .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps api calls with role based on the provided credentials .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  wraps   dispatched
truth:  wraps   calls

test:  convert the full file name from the octal file .
truth: using os . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  generate   teardown
truth:  generate   type

test:  validate a bunch of an exception .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  ensure   requesting
truth:  ensure   i

test:  chinese a class from a principal class .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  sets a the device to be unused .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  returns the file name of the pgraster .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter the regular expression seqs with the same length as mainly .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  filters   lstrip
truth:  filters   set

test:  convert all restricted groups in db to json score .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  when a keyword arguments passed to a function .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  pulls   testsuites
truth:  pulls   keyword

test:  take the full path of all modules and prepend them in the given root directory .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  return   init
truth:  return   modules

test:  destroy the floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   height
truth:  destroy   lot

test:  take a list of lists and find lists of lists of lists for each category in a list .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  index   switch
truth:  index   list

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  wraps   base64encodes
truth:  wraps   djangos

test:  fetch a list of targets that are suggests in other .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  ensure that a token is a valid timestamp for comparison .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  construct an iterable of strings that have been processed into a list of .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  build   expect
truth:  build   body

test:  checks whether a user has staff access to a staff course .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  convert a file path to a path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   tokenizing
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  setup the demo remotes devices .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  return the latest downloadable changeset revision for the received repository if its includes_tools attribute is true .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  creates an empty element from the tree .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  restful crud controller - for options .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get migration component of instance and given instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  small utility to check if a list of falseglobal .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  all elements in sequence are not a valid is_public .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts a filename from a decorator to a decorator .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a class which can be jinja2 .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  determine   unifies
truth:  determine   encoding

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  decodes a rrq wrq packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  fit dask table to a dask model parameters <version>} : dask design returns a dask array of the dask .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  return a sample of quantiles .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  returns a list of values_mapper: .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  uses   switch
truth:  uses   list

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   attach
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a link .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   retuned
truth:  link   revisions

test:  compare two strings and return their folder .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  return the network status of a nvp port .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  extract the total number of seconds from a timedelta object in a way that is compatible with python <= 2 .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  resource endpoint handler .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   lets
truth:  endpoint   handler

test:  checks whether the given function args are valid .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  creates a new master api name .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  list pending entries that are available for a table .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  override any alternative variables that may contain a different payload .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  handles   whiteboard
truth:  handles   payload

test:  provides the message storage object .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  rfc   pulls
truth:  rfc   null

test:  check to see if the specific apache mod is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  add allocated_id to other table .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return element in predicate for which predicate returns the first element in seq .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  returns true if a given data is detected for a query .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  normalize the path .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  combines   flip
truth:  combines   python

test:  converts usage_key_string to a course_id bandwidth for a course_id course_id .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  convert   compose
truth:  convert   usage

test:  differentiate polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   calculate
truth:  confine   windows

test:  install the tornado ioloop or patch .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  a decorator that instantiates a function with the arguments of a dictioanry .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  adds   located
truth:  adds   method

test:  open all or specified cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  return the information for a container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  returns   satisfy
truth:  returns   container

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   truncate
truth:  creates   savepoint

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  usage: {{ field|render_with_errors .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  manage   bartels
truth:  manage   contents

test:  return true if the graph is strongly regular graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns corrected gnupg .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  install packages using easy_install we dont know if the easy_install packages in the path will not be the right upgrade one .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  convert a dictionary of amis into a dict .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  given   mounts
truth:  given   objects

test:  low-level implementation of fn polynomials .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  returns a list of related models for all related models for a given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  return a gpu_single_block_sum .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return the users dashboard activity stream .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  mark   generate
truth:  mark   users

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 replaces the repetitions of a local image .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  extract the numa topology from rendering server which were backing to connect the given format .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  extract   impute
truth:  extract   topology

test:  validate and parse id for today .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  extract the first element of the array of the input data .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  setup a rule to be used when a sequence of expressions .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  return   unescapes
truth:  return   rule

test:  this method sending the various registry to the user .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  modify the draft version of a location .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  cleans   widening
truth:  cleans   location

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  return timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  determine which packages own key from the specific cache .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get a list of info from conll .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  puts   pulls
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate a search query for a term .
truth: return query string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  parse a cookie .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   modbus
truth:  parse   cookie

test:  return a copy of the string .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  parse   authorizes
truth:  parse   command

test:  wait until an operation has completed .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  fires   pulls
truth:  fires   null

test:  print out a course .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  prints   catch
truth:  prints   course

test:  decoding a number of lines to make a file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table length of the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   imposes
truth:  subtract   f

test:  turns on a specific port cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   grouping
truth:  turns   system

test:  maps the unit array to [0 .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   simplifying
truth:  maps   range

test:  delete a keys from the database .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  clear   start
truth:  clear   zone

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   arrays
truth:  get   half

test:  get the current database that a given user is running in .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  ensure that a token is a valid timestamp for comparison .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compares an affine transformation with the affine transformation .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  pulls   unignores
truth:  pulls   patches

test:  return the noop line number for the current line .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   incoming
truth:  return   op

test:  internal workflow operation to delete an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  pulls   includes
truth:  pulls   entrance

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  context manager to open a temporary zip file that is ran when the file is .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   dimension
truth:  disable   serializers

test:  compute connectivity for a sample matrix compute the compute connectivity .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  get a list of tests in a given python implementation .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   binhexed
truth:  find   tests

test:  private method checks if a key exists .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  returns the euclidean dot product of the angle between vectors v and u .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  convert a attribute array into a list of integers .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  pulls   choice
truth:  pulls   formats

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   building
truth:  get   tag

test:  returns the list of pairs .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get new text or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   del
truth:  get   gcode

test:  returns the first credentials from yaml file .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  destroy the oauth oauth users .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  destroys   emit
truth:  destroys   access

test:  return translation matrix .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  returns information about the flickr .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   pair
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate a bunch of folders for a given xblock .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  instantiate   backup
truth:  instantiate   properties

test:  queues an opt-out email .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   terminates
truth:  queues   opt

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  compute the jaccard similarity of two loss .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  given an http auth url with authentication components .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  given   format_alignment
truth:  given   authentication

test:  validate that the comment is valid output of the value .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  creates pull from email from email address .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  runs   prettify
truth:  runs   process

test:  return true if a particular node is in the specified region .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  turns   pulls
truth:  turns   null

test:  train a dictionary of information on the autoencoder units .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wildcards -> string return a native patterns for the given patterns .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  compute   switch
truth:  compute   list

test:  return an instance of a clientexception or subclass based on an requests response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  generates standard normal variates with serial standard deviation *sigma* .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an exception if type is a valid unknown type .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  check if a given object is a device .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  computes the row of the first plot .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  configures   sparks
truth:  configures   number

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  return node information for the named vm cli example: .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  is user allowed to soft-delete article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  get pci device by node name .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  modify a agents .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  modify   reading
truth:  modify   agent

test:  return the correct type of an object .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is debug .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  initialize application .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  merge a branch .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  attempt   trace
truth:  attempt   merge

test:  creates an admin url .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  convert groups into a short and groups groups of groups .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  make sure that instance and set are used .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  return a running instance for a user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  return   display
truth:  return   print

test:  return true if the given host is made up to the given host and is .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  fixture that returns a headerchecker class .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  notify the given doc .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  calls   mount
truth:  calls   task

test:  traverse a list of lists into traverse .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  replaces the docstring of the decorated function .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate random blob-ish data with noisy features .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  create   restoring
truth:  create   data

test:  instantiate the hub sockets and sharedlibrary .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  wrap   extracts
truth:  wrap   socket

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  help function to render the celery settings .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  rescale scaling image scale to a given order .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  deprecated   port
truth:  deprecated   helper

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  writes a list of file names to the cache .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  return information about the calendar calendar info .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  convert   ignored
truth:  convert   google

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  wrapper for inserting an image to a file .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  build   embedded
truth:  build   example

test:  pads a sequence of functions to be passed .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pulls   chisquare
truth:  pulls   tuples

test:  merge multiple errors that start with a single sort of errors .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  merge   ssl
truth:  merge   errors

test:  find a correlation matrix that allow you want to maintain a score .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  bind the given row to the given column .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  return the hashable node in the expression .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a tuple of .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  ensure the min and missing_value to be removed .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validates   skipping
truth:  validates   score

test:  compare two objects .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  categorical crossentropy between two axes tensor .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to a partition when it is not valid .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   igor
truth:  validate   device

test:  samples from cartesian to the correlation coefficient for q[x] .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start a response .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  elementwise sigmoid logistic function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  end more info .
truth: adds site . 
test:  adds   handles
truth:  adds   site

test:  differentiate problem statistics .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  convert elements of the iterable to an integer .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  encodes   linkify
truth:  encodes   integer

test:  performs a torrent torrent found in the probability distribution .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  returns   predefined
truth:  returns   rating

test:  returns a table from the database .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   unpublicizes
truth:  returns   description

test:  gets a list of pages to be included in the order of their list .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  convert   saves
truth:  convert   links

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  install the new image .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a tuple of for the page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  yield   shortens
truth:  yield   classes

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   simplifying
truth:  carves   range

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  a context manager that does nothing special .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   debug
truth:  context   profiling

test:  copies fieldexpression to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   representing
truth:  copies   specification

test:  returns a short platform for a given package name .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  makes a partition where first filesystem is valid .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  set basic auth if required .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  set   hashing
truth:  set   cherrypy

test:  merge extra arguments into a list .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  check a release arguments .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  process   instantiate
truth:  process   arguments

test:  return list of all modules in the package .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  discover   pulls
truth:  discover   null

test:  skip test if test passes we explicitly be used .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   binhexed
truth:  skip   tests

test:  pull the header header of the comment header .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  test the quteprocess .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  sends a signal with the specified settings .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  compare two numbers .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  parse the command line .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  add a public keys to the public key .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  mkalias unicode .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  create   orders
truth:  create   alias

test:  provide data for the gradebook page .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  decodes a python file from the encoding .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  extract the actual step for a drange of integers .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  define a file with trace features .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  retrieve a absolute pack directory for the pack pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns a unicode string from a string .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  test relative_to option .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  choose_port() returns an app for the given port number .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns a string for currency formatting according to locale for the locale .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  format   bench
truth:  format   value

test:  ensure that the named signal is absent name the key of the postgresql signal to remove user signal .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  compute gradient of the input components .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  gets the contents of a file and stores it in a separate file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  handles the users password for a user .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a method .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  like locatefilename .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  return the name of the certificate in the user certificate to the certificate file .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  print a message .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  calculates the diaconis for a bins .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a rdbms class for a klass .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  extract a dictionary of info from a key/value dictionary of values .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  navigate   restoring
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns default and its objects for all of the current user .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  note: the first helper method into rectangles .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  find   abbreviate
truth:  find   rectangle

test:  declare some input image from a file .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return a list of the version .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  remove   poll
truth:  remove   versions

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  test the isnulled .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  check if version is greater than version .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert keys that would be used in a registry to values .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  print a histogram of than the given data .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  checks that first is b .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  subtract dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  only load this module if pygithub is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  exclude the freesurfer_home directory of the home directory path .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  filter   unescaped
truth:  filter   entries

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  fetches all open threads that correspond to the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   resolved
truth:  fetches   threads

test:  tests the old-style class passed in classes .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator for adding a function or method action to an action .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  get the blog blog for init .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  like releases except for ryu .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  helper to out-degree .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  run   allows
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  covariance matrix for tensortype parameters resid : array of innovation coefficients .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  return true if mode is from a regular file .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  searches the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  update user info .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  not empty warning .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  create a list of saved saved in a it .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  turn   generate
truth:  turn   users

test:  spartist <album> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  pulls   visualize
truth:  pulls   artist

test:  walk the requested vhd chain .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  yield   uncheck
truth:  yield   element

test:  return a sorted list of files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  creates a new property property that matches the given criteria .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   were
truth:  makes   property

test:  send an update push to push .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  build the appropriate egg dictionary .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  build   stripped
truth:  build   egg

test:  returns the group id for the given course .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  given   preload
truth:  given   content

test:  returns the subset of the sha1 without ipv6 .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  match a document .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  match   pass
truth:  match   document

test:  return a list of available users cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return true if filename matches the correct python file .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  construct a single host .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   crack
truth:  called   _

test:  same as a older b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  invert a dictionary with leading spaced elements flipped .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  finds   forget
truth:  finds   inverse

test:  test that a non-existing index file with urls for info .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  return a list of the roles with the given role .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   serves
truth:  return   roles

test:  change the group of a specific user .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  ensure   history

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% user_display user {% user_display user %} user_display user %} %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  pulls   compose
truth:  pulls   usage

test:  to be an interface of when an interface to a group(1) interface .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  take   paging
truth:  take   interface

test:  converts a long-int array into a string with some apps .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   saving
truth:  enable   feature

test:  format a file signature .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  return the path to .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  fill a notebook .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  writes   setuptools
truth:  writes   notebook

test:  performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a file .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   input_fft_v
truth:  performs   normalization

test:  this is an old method .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  release the tag release .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  tag   bandstop
truth:  tag   release

test:  return the unicode representation of path .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  creates a new dataset on the defined package views .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  creates   registering
truth:  creates   views

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  recreates a sequence of indexes .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  checks if the request has read/write permissions on url#request .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  create a list from a list .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   switch
truth:  converts   list

test:  test column .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  test   mutate
truth:  test   column

test:  get a string if it is a string .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  a decorator for timing methods .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create an expression at the given model .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  return   specifies
truth:  return   methods

test:  outputs a dictionary of subs .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  substitute   homebrew_packages
truth:  substitute   structure

test:  this view is for showing an event .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  noop   pulls
truth:  noop   null

test:  compile python arguments to bytestrings .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  takes   force
truth:  takes   kwargs

test:  log all the logger to console .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  configure   embed
truth:  configure   logging

test:  get interpret plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  helper function for getfilesforname() .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  function   skipped
truth:  function   use

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  check to make sure set_orientation works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  apply the vagrant link for vagrant values .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  unpause when resume after the resume .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  scheduled   pulls
truth:  scheduled   null

test:  parse a string of key-value pairs into parts .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  extract the spacing matrix from the given binary file .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  a decorator for url: .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  use   provide
truth:  use   provider

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  dummy function for cloning .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   pulls
truth:  prepare   null

test:  generate a random string with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  is this a name/value url .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  extract comma-separated comma-separated name from a comma-separated specification .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  normalize a paragraph to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   supports
truth:  normalize   text

test:  skip test if the command is not available .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  skips   carry
truth:  skips   test

test:  flip given fiducials or zip file .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  adjust   limiting
truth:  adjust   order

test:  show all libraries available to the current location .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   sanitize
truth:  list   libraries

test:  return true if trace is a trace .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  return version from version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  loads   autoencoder
truth:  loads   xml

test:  sets a manual flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   trailing
truth:  sets   flag

test:  get all group access for given group type .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   emit
truth:  get   access

test:  equalize image .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   unplug
truth:  return   equalization

test:  get a .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  encodes string value from plain to utf-8 and deserializes it .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  compresses   bench
truth:  compresses   value

test:  return a second digest for the given key .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  extract   recreate
truth:  extract   portion

test:  returns the pid of a given pid file .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  return a dict of cpan main config values .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  parses   freezing
truth:  parses   configuration

test:  check if volume is in the path for a volume group .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  try to initialize locally code for tracking integer-order pages .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initializes   flow
truth:  initializes   fields

test:  creates bit array on the numbers of each number of bits .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   execute
truth:  convert   region

test:  returns the last top level query for a given start of a month .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  aggregate   associated
truth:  aggregate   listing

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  returns a tree representation of the given tuple .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  main entry point .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   allowing
truth:  is   adapter

test:  assert that item warning_class and desired state are correct .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  when python is called .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  test   batched
truth:  test   guess

test:  check if a path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   aligns
truth:  get   volume

test:  copies a file or destination to an existing destination .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  temporarily change the output of the code for the sys .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get all :foo .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  return the first kind of the latex that is .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  convert   move
truth:  convert   latex

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  returns the unicode url for the given login .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  gets all build for the instance build .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  test plotting of epochs .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  test   permutates
truth:  test   epochs

test:  return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  write the output file .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   alignment
truth:  write   section

test:  parses a timestamp and returns a timestamp from it .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional file and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   optimizes
truth:  roll   reservations

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  returns a list of running tasks for a given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  returns the ndarray column of each row in an array .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  returns   throw
truth:  returns   x

test:  a function to be used as a one-line method .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns a count of debugging .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  replace the state of a hash of the config anymore .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  configure   scaled
truth:  configure   queue

test:  a simple celery celery application that has been updated in expected time .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  a function to create a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the word after the first kind .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  get the file descriptor of a given file .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  test if networkx graph definitions with source & cleaned up .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  ensure   needed
truth:  ensure   fit

test:  return a dict with recommendation for each topic .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  adds guide database pickle database to the db api .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an instance of the optimizer optimizer as a function .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a dictionary of numbers into a dict .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wait until the javascript has completed .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  using   reported
truth:  using   function

test:  truncate by days .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   gives
truth:  truncate   days

test:  get a point with a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  convert a dict that is the keys in a dictionary .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats mapdict to a mapdict mapdict to pass it to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   pulls
truth:  formats   null

test:  compare raw values to rhs .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  send email to users form .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  check that passing a string resource name should be coerced to unicode .
truth: if a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates a value is a positive integer or 0 or float .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  warn missing microversion in 257 .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  log   eventlet
truth:  log   warning

test:  when a cohort is created .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  a intersection of unfinished .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  calculates   downgrades
truth:  calculates   point

test:  looks up resource_data by resource_id and key .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  lookup   restoring
truth:  lookup   data

test:  get new paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  the numpy implementation of the representation of a representation .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  a simple view that returns the excview .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  pulls   raise
truth:  pulls   term

test:  create a w2p .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  make   mutes
truth:  make   app

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  find primary keys .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  provides a "host:port" struct for an ipv6 address .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  validates   preloading
truth:  validates   host

test:  test end to end test for show command .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  fixture providing a blob .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  launch a shell tunnel with a web server .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  checks to see if were running .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  upload a file to disk .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  uploads   suggest
truth:  uploads   folder

test:  return package version as listed in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  performs bigfile .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  encrypts   labeled
truth:  encrypts   file

test:  prints a portion of an environment .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   emitting
truth:  print   character

test:  formats a task .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the number of cpu cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns if a function is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  returns list of blacklisted converts statements to cron .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   attribute
truth:  converts   statements

test:  add sparse loop from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  return array of array after trimming distribution from both tails .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  slices   pulls
truth:  slices   null

test:  a decorator to apply the default arguments .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  a decorator for creating properties .
truth: create a property . 
test:  create   were
truth:  create   property

test:  do a registration .
truth: takes request . 
test:  takes   knapsack
truth:  takes   request

test:  default view that doesnt populate a custom 404 error handler .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  renders a replacement for a handler .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  load a session object from the file note: the default options file is returned by filename .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   command
truth:  load   session

test:  simple function to simple paginator .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  attempts   lambert
truth:  attempts   src

test:  decorates list of blacklisted info .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  try   bandstop
truth:  try   release

test:  returns true if filename looks like a directory containing environment variables .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  tests   labeled
truth:  tests   file

test:  return a list of state zones .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  ensures   clip
truth:  ensures   record

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   labels
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses an iso 8601 formatted string and returns a datetime .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   thrown
truth:  parses   standard

test:  return a cloud the current exceptions of the module .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  verify a :class: .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  use   linked
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  implement numpys 0-255 for identical .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the test passes when logging a warning message .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  the best parameter is a no-op .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  is   crowding
truth:  is   docstring

test:  quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   listed
truth:  pulls   constant

test:  return true if string is an int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert a vector to a binary matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  creates twitter dance dance .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  utility function that retrieves and parse the given field lookup .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  get   force
truth:  get   kwargs

test:  copies a user from normal .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  compute the total import and return a reference .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  move   pulls
truth:  move   null

test:  use :module:twittercorpusreader corpus .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  pulls   entering
truth:  pulls   demonstration

test:  renders the contents of a given image according to the predefined versions settings .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  lists all installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  lists   interpolated
truth:  lists   plugins

test:  return the location of the appropriate configuration cli example: .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   carry
truth:  return   test

test:  remove djangos tag from the autotagging repository :arg nested tag to see removing nested tags .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  given a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  convert a pathname into an empty path .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  expandtabs -> string return a single line of a string .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  removes html or xml from params .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an flaky logs for the given timeout and async .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  get none .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  create simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns an absolute path of a path with corresponding prefix .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  plot each of the time series .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  this method is called by the old editor method on a warning .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  deprecated   seconds
truth:  deprecated   editor

test:  given a url string .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   fill
truth:  normalize   pathname

test:  find and return a certificate details .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  get the matrix from the prefix .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  attach a fan instance to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   pulls
truth:  attach   null

test:  returns a menu class for the given network class .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  try to switch a suitable expression from a condition and return an integer .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  traverse the given file and returns a binary ifname string .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   flip
truth:  build   python

test:  a getattr that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  pulls   tail
truth:  pulls   getattr

test:  this walks takes the pk .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  serializing   mounts
truth:  serializing   objects

test:  takes a timedelta and returns the total + frame .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  custom view .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : loan_type : rate:% .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  return   masked
truth:  return   month

test:  create an logically via pcs command stonith name for the stonith identity resource name of the stonith extra_args extra_args additional options for use cibfile instead of the live cib cli
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   negate
truth:  create   resource

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  return the information returned when the specified jid was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  display a subplot results of a directed graph .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  show   switch
truth:  show   list

test:  method to get permalink path from content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  get   msg
truth:  get   component

test:  create a new task .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  train a higher order contractive autoencoder on a dummy dataset-- dataset-- model and writes it to the output file .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  test that a trailing spaces with a trailing row provided .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  trailing   highlight
truth:  trailing   row

test:  return a list of all available lamps .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a list of service that are enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  ensure event is enabled in the server on the computenode name : string hostname of the event in seconds .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   sampling
truth:  get   clock

test:  concatenates the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   enhanced
truth:  close   object

test:  publicly for accessing .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  get   created
truth:  get   mode

test:  if user is access to a beta descriptor .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  asserts that float mail count is implemented .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  output the given type and kwargs kwargs will be filtered for private keynames .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  check for a common to see if it is being run .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  tag_model accepts roles and optional roles .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  modify   safe_octal
truth:  modify   class

test:  filter an otu table by samples .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filter   bounds
truth:  filter   table

test:  gprs request section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  load certificate-authority certificate from a pandas file .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  validate a google storage project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  ensure   forgot
truth:  ensure   project

test:  tests api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  checks   extract
truth:  checks   version

test:  returns a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  return the version from a package name .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  make sure core core errors .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  create a room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  handles   escaped
truth:  handles   post

test:  univariate series inversion 1/p modulo o .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  multivariate   renders
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  start a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  request power state change name = default * network -- request network power * hd -- power -- power on the state is being passed .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   stores
truth:  request   name

test:  returns the bracket hash of a sound file .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   stores
truth:  create   name

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  helper for bs4 .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  change the execer of a autentication to the provided execer .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get a tool_dependency from the database .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  returns   mixed
truth:  returns   engine

test:  except a token .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  token   pulls
truth:  token   null

test:  wrap a particular object to a given attribute .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for ec2 configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  list the command .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  test to ensure that chaining validation function works as expected .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  tests   exposes
truth:  tests   values

test:  check whether element is a valid list of lists .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  verifies that get_readable_fileobj key-value traffic is signed .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  ensure   flattening
truth:  ensure   field

test:  return the text .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  decode a variable to base32 bit as per rfc4648 .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  verifies that the mailchimp list from the course list and returns true if all lists are valid .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return the ceph cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  returns a module object based on the given module .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  import   switch
truth:  import   list

test:  returns a user to embed a user .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  updates   support
truth:  updates   time

test:  scrub the pwd_hash and salt from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   advance
truth:  scrub   title

test:  return a dict of environment languages .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  create a uninitialized tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  take the value passed .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  convert rgb components to a decimal array .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  multiplies   uncheck
truth:  multiplies   element

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   homebrew_packages
truth:  walks   structure

test:  check to see if a module is an instance of module .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  run a command .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  helper function for the preprocessing import .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  import   map
truth:  import   implementation

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  inject arguments from a clip array or a axis .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a flavor from instances system_metadata by prefix .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   tile
truth:  delete   information

test:  initialize logger .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  remove   backported
truth:  remove   handlers

test:  expands as input shuffled shuffled path .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  table with re and no position found table: .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  read   bounds
truth:  read   table

test:  version of django .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load a plaintext from a script_templates file .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  loads   inspect
truth:  loads   eggs

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return the gaussian mean of the gaussian mean .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  given a course_id and comment_id comment .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  updating   alignment
truth:  updating   section

test:  collect all non-allowed and traverse_topologically from attributes .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   instantiate
truth:  collect   arguments

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   bring
truth:  create   page

test:  returns data as a json token .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  pulls   decides
truth:  pulls   sha1

test:  adds a symbol to a given address to show an object .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  register a new logger .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  prompts the user api .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  shutdown traffic server on the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shut   clones
truth:  shut   server

test:  works on string .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   supports
truth:  escape   text

test:  test that format where a format is a format that will set up against a subfmt .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  set   been
truth:  set   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   alignment
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a new list of channels for the given source .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  do   consisting
truth:  do   link

test:  a contextmanager to mock an registered implementation available in the given block .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  check if a node is valid .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  return   l{twisted
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns the notification type for the given user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  given   l{twisted
truth:  given   subscription

test:  same as register_admin_extension but cant connect to the database .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  file/folder a block of indentation .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  copy cache storage result to the class .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  internal parser function .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the representation of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get metadata for the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  work   rect
truth:  work   work

test:  default function for records .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns a dict of default context for djangos user .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  this function is called before the cleanup process .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  calling   reported
truth:  calling   function

test:  returns the path to the incron group and path to the incron group .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   chop
truth:  returns   owner

test:  validate the value of a string .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  formats   account
truth:  formats   human

test:  unregister an e-mail hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   maintain
truth:  unregister   mail

test:  get an instance of a field .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  get a list of available sizes .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns a dict of the plugin plugin by name .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   protected
truth:  create   urlconf

test:  query the wrapped function .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  create keyring trees cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  this one or more locations types .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  handles   increase
truth:  handles   nodes

test:  the post .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  calling   reassemble
truth:  calling   compute

test:  toggle the widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  decorator to add a subsection task for each feature .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  updates   targets
truth:  updates   grade

test:  generate a new uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  format help with a syntactically entry .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  pulls   xfail
truth:  pulls   help

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   understemmed
truth:  filters   results

test:  for id that duplicate and the currently alive .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  restart that a machine exists to the current error returns none if any .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  calls data -> str with the floored server from the *roll_indices* global socket .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   processing
truth:  pulls   urllib2

test:  get versions of current branch .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  get   tsv
truth:  get   components

test:  copies a list of entries from the provided string to an iterable of entries .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  numlist : numlist | ruleitem | ruleitem | numlist | stmt .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   algorithm
truth:  translate   points

test:  removes accents from a string .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  transform   deployed
truth:  transform   symbols

test:  add ground to f in k[x] .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  roundrobin a d e from iterables in a round-robin fashion .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   search
truth:  roundrobin   d

test:  returns a clean filename .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   wanted
truth:  clean   filename

test:  format a status of a github api .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  format   point
truth:  format   status

test:  api: accepts service requests over a vo service .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper function to create a new simplification of a sequence of type .
truth: add i . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a port range range(port_max & ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   simplifying
truth:  encode   range

test:  helper to select a single selector .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  allow   match
truth:  allow   syntax

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   repartition
truth:  comma   leaf

test:  force django .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return all tags .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  copy all internal attributes to a file .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  url   format
truth:  url   parameter

test:  convert ipv6 address in 6to4 representation to printable length .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  test that delimiter gives a delimiter other than the value provided .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  create and encodes a qurl .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  turn a slash into an ipv4 with corresponding values of the precision .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  unpickles a string like 08:00:00 .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  run any tests that it in the options .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  executes   compiles
truth:  executes   suite

test:  consistent consistent chart rendering with donut <bokeh .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  merge reconid .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  tests that a multinomial of multinomial is passed .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   cleaning
truth:  tests   matrix

test:  remove the named user from the minion .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  check whether a phone number is a carrier number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  return true if path looks like a tar or a tarfile .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  sanitize a unicode hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  destroys a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   clip
truth:  destroys   record

test:  pick by recomputing channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   go
truth:  pick   channels

test:  represent a function .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds a new controller spec to the vm .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create the monitordir .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  consumer features for the arguments .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  pulls   bootstrapping
truth:  pulls   retry

test:  display information about the users summary of the given content .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  pulls   query
truth:  pulls   position

test:  get the version string for the current database_engine .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  check if dependencies arent running .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  take a list of functions and return a key=value string of those items .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  pulls   reduce
truth:  pulls   shorthand

test:  context manager that overrides a with a following block plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  randomly choose a source code for the provided domain .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  generates a generator of lists of order n .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  sends a message to the given status message .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  standardizes   widgets
truth:  standardizes   responses

test:  return the virtual memory for win32 .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  module importer .
truth: execute app . 
test:  execute   mutes
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull salt file references out of the states and their data .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   weblate
truth:  pull   references

test:  checks that a token is valid .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  remove contacts from the viewpoint library .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  fetch a lyricswiki with an lyricswiki .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  fetch   pulls
truth:  fetch   null

test:  runs when a single implementation of code launch .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  convert a given recipients to a plot object .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  assert that the files in the package contains all the specified paths .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  a directed task .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  -   files
truth:  -   check

test:  return number of items in a list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  create a single-use .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   launches
truth:  evaluates   sine

test:  zdt1 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  display the current time time time time :return: the current time time time on .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  load a documents from git documents .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  parse   commit
truth:  parse   repository

test:  directly call and inbox .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  terminate   generate
truth:  terminate   users

test:  deletes a specific firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  implement yaml_ex function .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  computes   humanized
truth:  computes   energy

test:  check if grimoire is in the path .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  prompt   crop
truth:  prompt   directory

test:  get an http url matching the data method and filter out out of it .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  returns a 2-d product of the original matrix convolution .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  output   quotes
truth:  output   map

test:  ensure that the work can be created .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  installs python implementation .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  setup   package
truth:  setup   launchd

test:  finder a finder function by modules .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  this function calculates the input pattern .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  constructs   hash
truth:  constructs   flow

test:  handles the signal with something for a signal .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  show the version from server .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  load a plugin from the provided file if it exists .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  attach a block storage volume name server name server to be mandatory .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  deletes an existing usercontributionsmodel and setup it with the given user_id .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  commits   allocate
truth:  commits   user

test:  draw a foreign member .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  perform   centralized
truth:  perform   backup

test:  return the unicode fragment in a python environment .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  callback to handle merging nodes by choosing maximum weight .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  callback   increase
truth:  callback   nodes

test:  sort an image of a list of integers .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  get   enhance
truth:  get   items

test:  clear the namespace from the local usage: .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   guessing
truth:  clear   namespace

test:  returns true if the specified number is required .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  add   sparks
truth:  add   number

test:  gets the compiler compiler for the compiler object .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  get   img
truth:  get   compiler

test:  prompts the user for the non-gapped response .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  prompt   generate
truth:  prompt   users

test:  returns the type for a given atype .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  retrieve   teardown
truth:  retrieve   type

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  get current video subtitle .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   skills
truth:  get   track

test:  returns the name of an instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  shortcut   stores
truth:  shortcut   name

test:  recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series the sections are returned in the order of their position in the stable series .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  cancel a sequence of polynomials in expr .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  reverse elements of a sorted list or lower vector .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  branching branching branching rules into one .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   reveal
truth:  compose   sequence

test:  creates a new index for t .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  get the count of the user supplied strings .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  turns   preloading
truth:  turns   host

test:  a context manager which changes to a file .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  opens   takes
truth:  opens   stream

test:  returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the language .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  save configuration to the specified filename .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   freezing
truth:  save   configuration

test:  a objective function for computing the objective function .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  pulls   publish
truth:  pulls   graph

test:  returns a testsuite django test suite for the unittest test suite .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  generate   binhexed
truth:  generate   tests

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  give the announce .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  fixture to return a mock .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  patch   knapsack
truth:  patch   request

test:  determine the relation of a disk revision .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  create   chops
truth:  create   un

test:  set the subprocess rules for the enough subprocess .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  set   put
truth:  set   rules

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  computes the bayesian log information criterion .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   tile
truth:  computes   information

test:  return an instance of a variable .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  compile * .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  does   writing
truth:  does   ironpython

test:  parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  handles a json callback that returns a json representation .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  convert   connect
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns a dict describing a reference keyvaluestore path .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  load a resource from a file .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  a decorator for connecting handlers .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get a backup by name .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   scaled
truth:  collecting   queue

test:  log a message .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  initialize   decorating
truth:  initialize   log

test:  generates the width of the dataset .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  generates   representing
truth:  generates   specification

test:  mlinspace of a .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  constructs   stacking
truth:  constructs   grid

test:  convert a integer to integer .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  read the object from a page using the "data" object .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  a context manager which is being used when the host system is being handled .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  get   command
truth:  get   session

test:  get a metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  computes partial sample of xs .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  in djangos cache version .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  assuming that a random number is small with the following prime .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  this function is called to display in a csv file .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  a replacement for randomized .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  parse a benchmark: 5 entry .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  returns   exponential

test:  returns a string representation of a sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  returns   been
truth:  returns   format

test:  predicate to loop .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  build a dict with the following sign 1 .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  convert a value from a string representation of the units .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   initalize
truth:  convert   k

test:  get or set the radial ticklines .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given the country code in the country .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   borrowed
truth:  given   instances

test:  transfer a file and return the location .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  determine if a particular operator uses a narrow operator .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  changes   reported
truth:  changes   function

test:  drops all implement .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  force   step
truth:  force   names

test:  prints a string to stderr .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  set the global entry entry in the point registry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  check that pandas is installed and pathed if not .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check_call -> 0 run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  create an array with the minimum value of the precision .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  check if a portage package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  check   downloading
truth:  check   package

test:  add arguments to a complete build .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  base   instantiate
truth:  base   arguments

test:  ensure that the *index* positions is a valid min .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  lookup   borrowed
truth:  lookup   instances

test:  simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple performance app : url of the app the server
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  command   advised
truth:  command   commands

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  make a message from the catalog catalog .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  verify   sparks
truth:  verify   number

test:  get file items from path .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  check if the process returned from the properly delete .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  delete   extends
truth:  delete   signals

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  only load if the traffic server module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   git
truth:  load   ini

test:  show if a certain page is missing .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  displayed   capitalizes
truth:  displayed   revision

test:  initialize a new ripemd160 indexes .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  return   linked
truth:  return   crypto

test:  group sums function for most datasets .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  sum   rising
truth:  sum   group

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given list of billedopprotos .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  check if the directory is a valid file .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  creates a query to filter tasks based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  tanh of a tensor .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  pulls   stay
truth:  pulls   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  calculate output of yule-walker of a corner image .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  find   measure

test:  gets the xunit xunit given the object .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  returns an umc module object prepared for editing an existing entry .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  update an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  update   urlencode
truth:  update   item

test:  download results of a format .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   labels
truth:  download   transform

test:  decorator to start a function under a different time .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  routing area update section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  read the contents of a file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  department controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  convert a line of text to a list .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  path_list through the executable in order to find and return the docker-compose .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   raising
truth:  read   docker

test:  test xunit output with different filename .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  combine two dictionaries .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  a decorator for methods that alter the action to be run in self .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  get signal from connections .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   selecting
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   inputhook
truth:  testing   sys

test:  make axis numbers for each group in sparse mapping .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a function that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  list hypervisor by default matching or hypervisor .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   missed
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  turn the version string into a standard version .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  revision are no redis redis .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  get   capitalizes
truth:  get   revision

test:  create groups for each group in indices .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  command : next id equals expr to error .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return true if path is absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get remaining edge for a vertexes .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   pack
truth:  get   edge

test:  sort list of pairs .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new volume type .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  ban user revisions .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns a dict with usernames data for the given usernames .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  check the given contents of a contents in the make .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  tests all elements in the trivial log file .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   skipped
truth:  test   use

test:  parse a file and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   sigma
truth:  add   vertexes

test:  returns a list of matching users .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  focused   takes
truth:  focused   stream

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  print an error message to stderr .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  create network .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  look up an array of samples drawn from a random variable .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  build a url for test driver .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  function   control
truth:  function   generation

test:  convert an iterable to a string containing a given indexing .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  create agent to interact with a spinnaker 'gate' server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   reading
truth:  create   agent

test:  prints a message to stderr .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  return the largest first strategy of g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a top-level top-level items .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  creates a datastore datastore with the given data .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  allow   emit
truth:  allow   access

test:  callback invoked when examine command .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  invoked   format_alignment
truth:  invoked   authentication

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  return time like 1h string .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  a decorator which is designed to be called via a view of a salt-run .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   reuse
truth:  pulls   endpoints

test:  normalize path in a subdirectory .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  helper to get/create a translation tp .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  embed an album into the items media file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  convert x .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  list nat nat .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  get   put
truth:  get   rules

test:  from the linux headers .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  sigmoid activation function :math:varphi(x) = tanh .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate a dictionary of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   flow
truth:  generate   fields

test:  old name for the storage cluster .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  did   returns
truth:  did   something

test:  convert a pandas bundle to a uri name .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  read   crop
truth:  read   directory

test:  simulates the temporary directory .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  extract basic auth from header .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  assert that expected manual sets of bad input .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns true if idle is running on os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  calls rar/unrar .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  set   fixes
truth:  set   manager

test:  calculates cyclic = { tuples for the cyclic certain number of characters frameworks rex::text .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  returns grid data for a grid .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a list of the tu source file .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  obtain   throttle
truth:  obtain   unit

test:  registers a configured xml attributes for the configured xml metadata .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  determine a cholesky decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  convert a permanences .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  transfer   unlocking
truth:  transfer   source

test:  adds a kernel .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   iterator
truth:  add   kernel

test:  send promiscping who-has requests to determine which hosts are up promiscping -> none set cache=true if you want promiscping .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   creates
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  finds and returns again again .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  direct_declarator : declarator colon declarator .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  both pointer and ip_addr_port tests .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure the marathon for a specific configuration is present .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   mutes
truth:  ensure   app

test:  return a list of file names from a key .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  one letter code s .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  wrapper around qtgui .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  setup the original module .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  function to get the data list of strings from the os x and file .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  decompress gzipped data on a sequence .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  stream   enroll
truth:  stream   iterator

test:  create an struct for our audio .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  record   wanted
truth:  record   filename

test:  wsgi application .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  test   roundrobin
truth:  test   application

test:  get all instance faults for the provided host + host .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  this test run .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  pulls   generalized
truth:  pulls   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  mounts a free device .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  restores a previous radian file .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  restore   freezing
truth:  restore   configuration

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  converts unicode strings into sys .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  get the current contents of a git .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a wrapper around pd_to_hdf .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  object   place
truth:  object   generator

test:  runs ctc loss algorithm on each beam .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  decodes   flattens
truth:  decodes   output

test:  list available keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  list   review
truth:  list   keys

test:  change the users home phone cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   unlink
truth:  change   phone

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  returns: a function over the getargspec method .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  return a list of all files on the container .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return information about the active os x and states cli example: .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  returns a dict of linode to swap for a linode .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  like getattr .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  load a single file from a list of included folders .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  show information on the server .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  list all the folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  creates a response headers from a response .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   logging
truth:  create   flask

test:  cast a dtype to a dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   tabulate
truth:  create   makefile

test:  delete a container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   satisfy
truth:  delete   container

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  wait for a condition to appear .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   dictionary
truth:  wait   condition

test:  initialize the module .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wrapper to call our introduction .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  assert   batch
truth:  assert   code

test:  decorator to return a dummy variable .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  returns the arp process for the arp table .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  resolve the provided document .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   pass
truth:  resolve   document

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  check   alignment
truth:  check   section

test:  lists the locate database cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  writes a file to a .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  custom model .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  process the face from a fixed expression .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  swaps swaps that has been tlist .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  requests a test model for certain db .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  yaml: shining enable shining test results .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  expr : lparen expr rparen .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   pulls
truth:  expr   null

test:  decorator to perform a round function .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  remove a signed expression from the expression .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  instantiates the arrays of each type in the matrix .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  generate   registers
truth:  generate   product

test:  returns a list of strings .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  converts the group id to an int .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  helper for the getting a single rollback for a given change .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  old interface to data dispatch .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  call   located
truth:  call   method

test:  compute virtual evoked on evoked .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   zoom
truth:  compute   vectors

test:  screensize screensize .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  draw   forwards
truth:  draw   image

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   authorizes
truth:  require   command

test:  return a right-stochastic of the graph nodes in the graph .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  return   craft
truth:  return   expr

test:  returns the url for a parser .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  creates an openid response to be sent in any of the request .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  loads and return an postgres server .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   enters
truth:  return   bucket

test:  find the longest longest tree size .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns the contact dict with contact .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  fills   r^2
truth:  fills   form

test:  returns a list of notifications notifications to which are up only one .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  used by handle_items .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  wal the image and returns a binary image .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  promote   pulls
truth:  promote   null

test:  left is a sql clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  stop all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  activate   resulting
truth:  activate   workers

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker plugin and return the docker plugin .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   identifies
truth:  enable   plugin

test:  return true if the url is in scheme .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  check   drop
truth:  check   ssh

test:  test font font fonts .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   rotate
truth:  test   loading

test:  given a template string like a regular expression .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  compile   storing
truth:  compile   template

test:  transform a uri into a uri .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  check that numpy array holds unicode labels .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  gets the non-normalized linear detrending .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wrapper around docker client .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  make sure the c reader doesnt segfault when both are not equal to a basic input data .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   lets
truth:  denied   handler

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  return art url from itunes .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  a <> view should not have a single default view .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  checks typedvalue .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  finds   rfc
truth:  finds   distance

test:  returns a class with a given class .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   wrapped
truth:  returns   permission

test:  given the namespace of the fields .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  return   rearranges
truth:  return   import

test:  wrap gaussian creation for a function with a mocked creation .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  provides   accentuated
truth:  provides   getter

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  colorize   displaying
truth:  colorize   ref

test:  deletes a review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if the url can connect to a network .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return the number of workers in the system .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  get the terminal for attribute of a locale .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  custom view .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  a room to build and from the two rooms build .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the number of nonzeros in an integer .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  remove generated file .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get a string representing the current uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  returns   squeezing
truth:  returns   uuid

test:  handles the soap fault .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  get instance_uuid information for a vm .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  create   need
truth:  create   interfaces

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  get the current server .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  get get from nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  evaluate the definite integral of a b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  find   estimate
truth:  find   roots

test:  create image metadata from pil .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  enrich   post_save
truth:  enrich   metadata

test:  return the longest part of a string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   step
truth:  remove   names

test:  find and return an album field .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  release media list on media list the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  return a dict of the full path names to a .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   prefilled
truth:  return   hosts

test:  get all pids of a running distribution running on linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all instances that match a binary service .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  regression test for bug adapted .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   gated
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalize dataframe blocks in a dataframe so that we can tup: it .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  replace   step
truth:  replace   names

test:  returns a list of units that are prefixed units .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  handles errors and makes sure the response is saved .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  return a configuration value for a specific server .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  compute the matrix exponential using a testlist triangular = *log(y)* .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  test campaigns of label blocks for label .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  return the most entries entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   allocated
truth:  return   mongodb

test:  gets about a about page info .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  if the given line contains a regular expression .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  handles   small_stmts
truth:  handles   line

test:  returns the consumption of an addr object .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  single transaction denied page .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  denied   bring
truth:  denied   page

test:  return an array on a device ndarray that is the device .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  call   rectified
truth:  call   cuda

test:  generates a vcproj code from a list of english docstrings .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   converted
truth:  return   block

test:  get a template for a source file .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  liberally convert from hex string to binary string .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  calculate the minimum minimum labels of an array at labels .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  calculate   echo
truth:  calculate   minimum

test:  put image images .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  apply function to compare introspection on given args and items in lists .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get the bracket line .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  delete all opennebula info .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   enhance
truth:  delete   items

test:  returns a tuple of bytes from the given stream .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  expects   takes
truth:  expects   stream

test:  creates an action callback that spawns a set of threaded restrictions .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  return   callback

test:  sends a signal to your system to indicate that the computer is in use and should not sleep .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  broken   reported
truth:  broken   function

test:  gets a list of objects specified in the given service instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns all entities of a given fields .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  get   tokens
truth:  get   union

test:  checks whether controller is a controller .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  returns a formatted string of te .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   labeled
truth:  format   file

test:  stop a running system .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  issue   starting
truth:  issue   shutdown

test:  returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  regression load a single test if regression also takes a single class .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  decorates   safe_octal
truth:  decorates   class

test:  helper function to create the main stream .
truth: open stream . 
test:  open   takes
truth:  open   stream

test:  return a list of the names of the sites .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  filter out all escaped errors in errors .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   pulls
truth:  filter   null

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   translates
truth:  test   flags

test:  normalize the points lie by a row .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  normalize   algorithm
truth:  normalize   points

test:  assigns a swarm into an imdb proposals .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  ensure that urljoin gives a valid ndarray .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  tests   wants
truth:  tests   parts

test:  remove non-print .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trim   shared
truth:  trim   string

test:  return the full path where command section is a none .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  attach a node to the selected vm .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  test the last access time of a file .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   interpolates
truth:  read   lang

test:  set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   reported
truth:  set   function

test:  allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an item attribute .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  allows   archive
truth:  allows   member

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  create a new object .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  turns an one of the vary header string into a specific response .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the fully qualified time of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  an exception raised for given component .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  check   restoring
truth:  check   data

test:  delete a config key .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  returns the item in the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns an iterator over the cumulative sum of values in the given list .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  detach elb to subnets .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   registered
truth:  detach   elb

test:  compress the data .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  handles   find_goroutine
truth:  handles   compression

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  perform a dictionary for the provided keys .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  transform a color to a hex color .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  decorator that checks if the content is contained in the current session .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  prevent   usage_key_string
truth:  prevent   view

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  compute md5 hash of the v1 of a dict .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  performs silhouette score on the arrays of the input data .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  convert a binary integer into an integer .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  create   preserve
truth:  create   int

test:  run an old quiet command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set up the sonarr sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors and for the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   subset
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test end to end show command .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  test   show

test:  affine norm .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  pulls   multiplicative_expression
truth:  pulls   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  same as check_required .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  inputs   bounds
truth:  inputs   table

test:  asserts that choice names given in *choices* are the only ones values .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  asserts   pulls
truth:  asserts   null

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   borrowed
truth:  create   instances

test:  here symbols to numbered .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  multiply two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compare   round
truth:  compare   polynomials

test:  decode a given string and return the number of elements of the passed in form .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list availability zones for all vms .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  create and return qr data .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of dns services .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  get   wait
truth:  get   servers

test:  set default credentials :type aws_access_key_id: string to zero .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  returns encodings from given content string or none .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  copies remote put to datastore .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  sign a dsc api to a specific username .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  list all repos .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  read and append source spaces .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   unlocking
truth:  read   source

test:  given a line of text output .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  given   supports
truth:  given   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   review
truth:  replace   keys

test:  return the most recent users exercises .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  send an email to the initiator of a bulk email report .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return a list of names of methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  convert a binary string to utf-8 encoded in a utf-8 encoding .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return a list of files .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  parse string to html .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   reported
truth:  control   function

test:  return a list of all devices .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  parse the ldd sympy expression .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parses   flattens
truth:  parses   output

test:  create a new server listening to a server and port .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  define   clones
truth:  define   server

test:  make a branch and its csv file .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  adds parameters to an fragments .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist | file_input comma | varlist .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  from a system_info access to the ckan user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  verify a method overriding an instance of a method on decorators .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  creates   located
truth:  creates   method

test:  given the output of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   flattens
truth:  given   output

test:  renders a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  show all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   choice
truth:  print   formats

test:  dumps a dictionary of attributes for each of the specified function .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  show the details from the provider concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  return those items in predicate for which predicate returns the elements in seq .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return a list of available endpoint cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   mask
truth:  test   accuracy

test:  removes html entities from the given text .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  strips   connect
truth:  strips   entities

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  add a django help with the django settings .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  execute   lambda
truth:  execute   django

test:  return path to heads .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  disable markdown text to html .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  escapes   skipped
truth:  escapes   use

test:  a decorator to unpatch method - create if it doesnt already exist .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  pulls   reflect
truth:  pulls   testcase

test:  setup container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   satisfy
truth:  setup   container

test:  create an image with the given name .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  call   wanted
truth:  call   filename

test:  decorator which causes a function attributes on the same implementation as the attributes of the attributes of the attributes which can be generated .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  define the db message .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  step   emits
truth:  step   definition

test:  gives sys .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  entry point for the script "pyflakes" .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  start   authorizes
truth:  start   command

test:  check if a conda exists on the system .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  scan a list of ports created by the boundary .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scans   edit
truth:  scans   ports

test:  check if required template count supports permutations .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  test   generating
truth:  test   shell

test:  string to a namespace .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  run a python script in a subprocess .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   optimized
truth:  run   script

test:  cast all expression to state .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  convert a time in java format to a string .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  get the default extension .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  returns a flow of the graph .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  compute   runs
truth:  compute   cost

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   differ
truth:  convert   rest

test:  generate all cliques cliques in the graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  uninstall a bower package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   downloading
truth:  uninstall   package

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method in a transaction .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the dpid from the application .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  read a file path for the given key .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  given   been
truth:  given   format

test:  split an iterable into list of nodes .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  iter   chisquare
truth:  iter   tuples

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib curve in the :ref:user .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the object referenced by package name .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  format a human readable heading level .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  change the brightness of multiply images .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   c_value_type
truth:  change   brightness

test:  returns the alternating alternating cycle of the given graph .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a datetime object to a datetime .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  check if a subscription is an enum member .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  redirects to the specified location using http permanent status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  register a custom mimetype handlers from the given handlers handlers .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   backported
truth:  register   handlers

test:  generate a random iv key .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  compute the median absolute error .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  compute the scaling scaling of a sparse matrix with x and h .
truth: computes np . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   lets
truth:  test   handler

test:  return a host free ports start .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  returns the purchase with the specified endpoint .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  validate the category option .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns multiple networks .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  register many com .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   clones
truth:  register   server

test:  get the attribute statistics for an layer layer .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  generate   constrain
truth:  generate   attribute

test:  completion for --progress operations .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  test that "hubble" image can be loaded .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  small blocklist with locale .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  compute spherical bessel function jn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  start the named service .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  ensure a created node has created on the cluster node with the array-compatible command line .
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   were
truth:  ensure   property

test:  test ask with custom context .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  affine weight .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  pulls   rescanning
truth:  pulls   weights

test:  delete an tag from the instance .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  only supported on posix-like systems with setquota binary available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  registers a new account hooks for all menus from feature .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  force the current value to the last iteration .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  resets   building
truth:  resets   tag

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  parses timeseries of a timeseries file of bytes into a list of arrays .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  get permissions for given doc permissions .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  set the global ui path .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  localization if git is on this machine .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  check   unparsing
truth:  check   git

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  check parallel predict in parallel .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   carry
truth:  mark   test

test:  mark a task as a dict .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  add metadata to a central set of words in theyve .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  run a function or a instance of the instance .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common test fixtures for standard fixtures .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   unsqueeze
truth:  set   fixtures

test:  always returns true if the value is not a valid timestamp .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  raise   quantize
truth:  raise   priority

test:  returns the wavefunction wavefunction wavefunction for a 3d isotropic harmonic oscillator .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test opengl validation .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  reset the prefixer for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  sends an email .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  get all the user details for a given user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  converts a list of items into a dictionary .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  process   restoring
truth:  process   data

test:  run all tests from a test suite .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  set the path of a file .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   resizes
truth:  set   icon

test:  instantiates and returns a numa .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  decorate a mapping of api endpoint to a method that may be preceded .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  perform an iterable of prettydict .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  print   executed
truth:  print   dictionary

test:  deletes login and their login .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   relying
truth:  delete   login

test:  iterate over all pairs in a source file .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  takes   deployments
truth:  takes   sources

test:  given a specific tree of the tree .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  transform x .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  get   round
truth:  get   polynomials

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  calculate vi hash of a single cursor .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   incorporate
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  plug-in bandwidth is a sparse matrix in the bw scott .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  makes a protobuf operation on a device .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  computes the root mean squared log error .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   capturing
truth:  computes   error

test:  remove flavor access for the flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  remove   append
truth:  remove   tenant

test:  save a python data structure from a given python data .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  remove closed events and newline in the given figure .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   memoizes
truth:  remove   plot

test:  patch variables from the current doc .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  patch   labeled
truth:  patch   file

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  resize using python imaging library .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  resize   inquire
truth:  resize   tool

test:  write an error to disk .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  log   ssl
truth:  log   errors

test:  return a list of package ids that are mpkg .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  attempt   downloading
truth:  attempt   package

test:  get formatted pyo file .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  signal a nested accumulate for changes to your test cases .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  accumulate   fetches
truth:  accumulate   parent

test:  shows the purchase page for another user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   bring
truth:  shows   page

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime to a :py:class:datetime .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  get the name of the lazy function .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  parse a content-range range header into .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  print the metric line of the given metric .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  given a list of headers .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  decorate a function to servers .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  return a list of raw search value .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  return   expects
truth:  return   queries

test:  determine whether a datetime .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  format   merge
truth:  format   iso

test:  solve an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem for a complex hermitian or real symmetric matrix .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  rgb to hex .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  given   identified
truth:  given   rgb

test:  returns a vector with zero elements of the same dimension .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  fit a line into a model .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  learn   initalize
truth:  learn   k

test:  set the hwclock .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  sets   sampling
truth:  sets   clock

test:  return greyscale local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  sends an apns notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  python tests for output_root .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate over all clean up to the child nodes of the node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  a customized .
truth: given a key . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  get the evaluated int as an int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  determine if a datetime is a older than seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check that model contains a allowed model fields .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   blocks
truth:  attach   representation

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   fitnesse
truth:  get   events

test:  return the scheme for a file that is suitable for one of the import .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  check a value for being a valid type .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  extracts valid fields from a given tweet and returns a list of fields .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  extract   exposes
truth:  extract   values

test:  evaluation evaluation .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return *filename* encoded text from *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  is_retriable two targets using a reference method established method .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  returns   concatenates
truth:  returns   ordering

test:  test our qdatastream status code .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  make   rename
truth:  make   members

test:  check the parameter is an tuple .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  extracts the value from an would bytestring .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  returns a new collection id .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  returns the precision for a cache entry .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  elementwise cost function .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  compute the square matrix from a^p .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   scans
truth:  compute   pairs

test:  make verbose for interacting with some environments .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  run   rendering
truth:  run   routines

test:  load the configuration and creates a dictionary .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  configure   executed
truth:  configure   dictionary

test:  compare two statuses .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the signal handler of the given signal .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   believe
truth:  compute   spline

test:  generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  a decorator to make a view with the current request configuration matches .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  temporarily add a link to the class .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  pulls   compile
truth:  pulls   documentation

test:  slugify a string .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  loads   bootstraps
truth:  loads   callable

test:  stop bench .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  start a lock on a redis document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  lock   pass
truth:  lock   document

test:  helper to split the netmask and return an address .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  pulls   reblock
truth:  pulls   netmask

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  run   setting
truth:  run   systems

test:  provided for open .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  expands   pulls
truth:  expands   null

test:  create an attribute from a list of attribute objects which is the same attribute .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  import a repo from a repository .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  import   whitelisted
truth:  import   repo

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  checks for empty header fields .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   flow
truth:  checks   fields

test:  insert list x as a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  train a n-dimensional roidb by models .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  return a list of the items of baselist .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  combine   decoding
truth:  combine   lists

test:  creates the python ip address used for the current python application .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  update the configuration file .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  updates   access
truth:  updates   url

test:  cast value to an appropriate class/method class or a schema .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  turn some slashes in a string to avoid extra slashes .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  unquote   disarmed
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  iterate over a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  truncate   labeled
truth:  truncate   file

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   bounds
truth:  recomputes   table

test:  if one element in sequence are identical .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  make sure memory for memory indexing of memory .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the closest ansi based on the given short .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   print
truth:  find   approximation

test:  convert hex string into hex color space .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  hex   identified
truth:  hex   rgb

test:  get a metadef namespace object .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  given a png backend .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  given   parens
truth:  given   figure

test:  this page is blank .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_flags information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  call this function if the command cmd will be executed .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  returns a full array with ones on an input shape .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  decorator to update counters on a single page .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  just like djangos model in a transaction .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  executes and return a path to manage migrations .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  create   belonging
truth:  create   migrations

test:  return the labeller function of n .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  labels   centers
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update and updates the memory .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  run   unpin
truth:  run   routine

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   ip
truth:  generates   paths

test:  sends a multi method .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  wraps   prioritized
truth:  wraps   messages

test:  run the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  uses a version of lightness .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  format   building
truth:  format   tag

test:  run the command on the job .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   flattening
truth:  construct   field

test:  create a markdown message .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  get convex fill loops from a grid of convex loops and add convex loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  we end the plugin here for plugin .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  render   identifies
truth:  render   plugin

test:  provide object names for the cap - used in the layer log .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return a fresh instance of the specified message .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  run data from a series of inline .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  provide   small_stmts
truth:  provide   line

test:  clean up the module called on shutdown .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  do   mixing
truth:  do   cleanup

test:  compresses and returns an object .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  tries   enhanced
truth:  tries   object

test:  chisquare test for pairs of chisquare comparisons .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  chisquare   carry
truth:  chisquare   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   pauses
truth:  ascii   printing

test:  read from git extract extract extract integer file .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  solves an order linear differential equation with coefficients using the method of coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the methods .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  function   binhexed
truth:  function   tests

test:  draw a random value with --uptodate layers .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  return   approve
truth:  return   *

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  check for tp among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   answer
truth:  check   diffs

test:  breaks after a certain table .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  tries to waits an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  transform the decoder code with the given crap code .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  transforms   pulls
truth:  transforms   null

test:  return true if the permutation of the current request .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a 2-d array .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  return the number of fairness for a experiment .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  using   tokenize
truth:  using   significance

test:  removes a nexusport binding to instance .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   stack
truth:  removes   nexusport

test:  read comments in a remote source file .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  given   inline
truth:  given   worksheet

test:  inserts more than a link for root_symbols .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  insert   rescale
truth:  insert   inline

test:  web browser file .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  converts   zdt3
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a subdictionary .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  returns true if n is prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  convert something into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   fake
truth:  convert   load

test:  rotation for rotation matrix .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  create a segments of x and returns the index of the corresponding element for each element in *x* .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  create   explore
truth:  create   segments

test:  create a constant constant array .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  registers a table to be used when the named feature is listed in the modules .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  declares   allocate
truth:  declares   user

test:  compute a task in local_gpu_elemwise_0 to the sff file .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  clusters   convert
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  this script is being a script in a web environment .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  indent text with a text .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   shared
truth:  indent   string

test:  usage: dbref(3) this lock type places .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the list of undeclared instances from the input node .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  check   step
truth:  check   names

test:  return the path to the home directory .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  return nibbles char .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a dict of environment variables .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  only add the population option .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  is   suppose
truth:  is   algorithm

test:  use this function to use a step .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  change   instruct
truth:  change   matcher

test:  this returns a list of files that need to be checked in any of the were modified .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  run a next time in the next window .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  determines   having
truth:  determines   expiration

test:  test that we can remove astropy from ascending time .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  make   been
truth:  make   format

test:  override django .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds the virtual property spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  test that db .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  convert a path to a url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  filter out removing regex .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  extracts   whiteboard
truth:  extracts   payload

test:  returns a list of command-line arguments that contain the given value .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  format   instantiate
truth:  format   arguments

test:  return a list of all available updates .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  wait for the service to return the specified service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  start a new service on a specified port .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  set a matplotlib palette that blends from a matplotlib palette .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  return an attribute on a class .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  find all instances of a take into a profiles dict .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  returns true if a point in a point .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  pulls   representing
truth:  pulls   specification

test:  returns an iterable over the cumulative sum of values in the given list .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  structured groups for multiple tests .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  test   decide
truth:  test   groups

test:  returns true if the given key has key .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  collect ports created by ovs from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   edit
truth:  collect   ports

test:  estimate ar(p) parameters from acovf : ndarray .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  retrieve info and return it in dictionary form .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   switch
truth:  accepts   list

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  implement   pulls
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an keyboard role block as defined in the keyboard bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the role *usage:* *usage:* :code:<your code> *example:* :code:<section> this role .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   rescale
truth:  function   inline

test:  restful crud controller - just create georss/kml georss/kml .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  read and install a network device .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  generate a generator of documentation for the given document .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  yield   polynomials
truth:  yield   codes

test:  return the sample index of the widths t .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  for routines that return an integer generates a coordinate sequence .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  coordinate   rendering
truth:  coordinate   routines

test:  run the varnish test suite .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  generates   blocks
truth:  generates   representation

test:  return the type .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  look   teardown
truth:  look   type

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  create a switchport object - port or native port .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  returns true if the given list is in the child .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  detect   uncheck
truth:  detect   element

test:  generate a networkx graph g for composite{ data parameters g : graph encoding : string encoding for text data .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   been
truth:  generate   format

test:  sums reversed code to return sha-256 code .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   takes
truth:  copy   stream

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   enumerator_list
truth:  create   confirmation

test:  generate a entropy function .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   blend
truth:  generates   mask

test:  create an error message .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  process   capturing
truth:  process   error

test:  perform a loop and return it if they run the reactor .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  call   cie
truth:  call   predicate

test:  run pep8 from a source report .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  delete a forum .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  delete output directory .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  migrate   responds
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of all known project names for which the source is present .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  parse the content-type and return a tuple of seconds .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  return a minimal series of the first bsgs on the bsgs .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  show details about a hypervisor .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   revoked
truth:  display   details

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a list of sentences representing operators .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  convenience implementation of leakage .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  pulls   errors
truth:  pulls   idea

test:  parses a uri uri into .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   trimmed
truth:  parse   uri

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an integer .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  encrypt   listen
truth:  encrypt   key

test:  a decorator for connecting receivers to signals .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  parse data from a list of lists .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an annotated network .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of attributes of the given function .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  a sample of samples defined by the samples .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  sample   initialise
truth:  sample   layers

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  encodes a string to an ascii string .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  encode   bench
truth:  encode   value

test:  validates the arg from json .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  is   register
truth:  is   wrapper

test:  run pylint on web page .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   equate
truth:  run   browser

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   tear
truth:  find   module

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   colorized
truth:  adds   context

test:  forces one extension at the given path .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  removes all values of x .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  perform   tokens
truth:  perform   union

test:  internal helper function to convert hex string from the hex form of a hex plot .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  yields multiple event data .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  returns a list of country level based on the current platform .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  check for roundtrip .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  recursively find a path to the collections for builds .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  pulls   -
truth:  pulls   mocks

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   collects
truth:  get   count

test:  call a function which returns none .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  return the name of an adapter and ip addresses .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the displayname .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  return true if p is a host and index in the range .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  test   added
truth:  test   p

test:  a copy of the query result is a list of tuples .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  computes special properties for the entities passed in are visible .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  computes   rotate
truth:  computes   loading

test:  split and normalize a pair into values .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  parses   teardown
truth:  parses   type

test:  it should extract equal tags from scenario email address .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  having   fixed
truth:  having   scenario

test:  returns description of a email .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  remove duplicate text from a given page .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  removing   preload
truth:  removing   content

test:  check if the field is a category .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds a parsed template string to pass in a template parameters to create a template .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   executed
truth:  builds   dictionary

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  parse arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  return the first field of a given fields .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return the vector3 multiplied by point .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  migrate migrations for fact facts .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  migrate   serves
truth:  migrate   roles

test:  encodes a string into a unicode for the given encoding .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  returns the module that created with the given major .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  return a list of dictionaries of data .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  the fvwi from an iterable of truthy integers .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  make sure the text messages are not escaped .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  result   annoy
truth:  result   rank

test:  fetches the list of exploration ids for the given exploration id .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  gets   controls
truth:  gets   ids

test:  github jedi-vim issue - designed for the stockwell function .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   shut
truth:  test   checker

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   producing
truth:  takes   certificate

test:  when a collection of .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  mark   expected
truth:  mark   stack

test:  retrieve a client from provided context or function .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  injects   encapsulate
truth:  injects   instance

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  unique chart of a pandassql chart .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the name of the filesystem .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  return   forgets
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  clones master of repo_url .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  clones   knapsack
truth:  clones   request

test:  return the line symbol for a running line .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  get   github
truth:  get   frame

test:  return the subgraph induced by filter .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   hydrate
truth:  return   core

test:  add a trace to the module .
truth: add tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  test   inf
truth:  test   download

test:  url-encode strings with respect to respect to url .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 64-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  creates a dictionary of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  extracts   executed
truth:  extracts   dictionary

test:  attach a cd record and returns a vdi of the cd .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   maxheap
truth:  create   vbd

test:  checks the error code returned from the given function .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  parses a string like 08:00:00 .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dictionary of dictlist .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  convert   leaves
truth:  convert   dictionaries

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   evpn
truth:  get   schema

test:  asserts a message at least two soon .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  assert   dictionary
truth:  assert   condition

test:  fade out any currently playing music and start playing from the playlist .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  fade   pulls
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  for the c++ .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  convert a string representation of a tuple .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  given   blocks
truth:  given   representation

test:  checks if pep8 is not installed and the list of strings checks if the files are any of the cluster .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   acquires
truth:  test   pep8

test:  removes a scheduled job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  deletes   uploading
truth:  deletes   job

test:  construct a single string from an array of integers .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  create   sympy
truth:  create   slice

test:  print the estate manor stats stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  calculate the total count for a possible album .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns a number as a float .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  create a block device .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  return symmetric matrix .
truth: return base . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  create a environment to build a folder .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  build   unquoting
truth:  build   environment

test:  return buy .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  transform special chars in a string to a file .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  return a list of strings from a sentence string .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a newly implementation of obj .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  start an event on an instance action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   rescales
truth:  start   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create api-version specific legacy table tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  poi restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  removes refct pairs from front .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  remove   scans
truth:  remove   pairs

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get the base directory where the directory is in .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   authorizes
truth:  get   command

test:  validate command filters .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  validates   hits
truth:  validates   filter

test:  adds a user to the course .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  a context manager that can be called with custom db .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  run   resolving
truth:  run   defaults

test:  return link-local solicited-node multicast address for given address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   coupling
truth:  return   target

test:  flushes log entries to logger .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  send   prioritized
truth:  send   messages

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  return the total space of distributions from a list of distributions .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  chooses   bench
truth:  chooses   value

test:  compute the real real matrix of a non-negative matrix .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  multiply   export
truth:  multiply   tuple

test:  prints all of the timeseries names of a given resource .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  query   constructed
truth:  query   timeseries

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  validate a mapping of a single mapping .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  get the path of a given file .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  echo calls to a class and methods .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  factory function to create a tuple of result values .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  unpack   restrict
truth:  unpack   array

test:  delete an imagemember object .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   preload
truth:  compute   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  this method creates a url for a block .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  url   dictate
truth:  url   studio

test:  add the given number of billedopprotos to the given trace .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  adds   incoming
truth:  adds   op

test:  construct a version-2 swift acl string into a v1 list .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  returns   be
truth:  returns   acl

test:  imports an image by name .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  returns github url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  update index .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  create   rows
truth:  create   indexes

test:  decorator to make sure the decorated function returns a test .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  sort an otu table by mapping sample ids to the given mapping file .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   bounds
truth:  sort   table

test:  return true if any targets in config .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  returns   coupling
truth:  returns   target

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets metric by name from list in this module .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a random string .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  lets   pulls
truth:  lets   null

test:  returns the distance between two arrays .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  register a custom decorator .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  store   crack
truth:  store   _

test:  normalizes the rackspace .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  return true if the provided string is a valid vorbis .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  checks   contributed
truth:  checks   t

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  load and return an ubuntu module .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  not all of pyobjc .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  test the odd class .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  dry helper to pull a remote branch .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  return   domain
truth:  return   fetch

test:  this is only used by reports on the extensions .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  get   extension

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  a decorator that modifies the result of a method .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns a phonenumber phonenumber on the leading number of zeros .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  verify development private key matches 2) .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  list commands out for a given format .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  pulls   transliterate
truth:  pulls   variable

test:  return a list of representation of the child nodes .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  the most appropriate fillchar on a list of strings .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  pad   renders
truth:  pad   series

test:  returns the difference between two bivariate and q .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  launches the login login complete .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  construct   access
truth:  construct   url

test:  assign words to state .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  slice   truncates
truth:  slice   assignment

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return crange .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  show a small expression for the launching of a widget with a focus .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  show   logged
truth:  show   dialog

test:  validate a list of strings .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a post request to the specified doc .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  recodes variables for hac .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  load a home file .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   r^2
truth:  read   form

test:  return a list of the first element of the given string s .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  wrapper around the affected to declares .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  adds days to a specific response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  alter   stubbed
truth:  alter   headers

test:  shuffle a numpy array .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  enables a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   receives
truth:  enable   port

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  formats a given matrix to linear matrix .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  create fake volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  returns list of all sql statements .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  validate that value is a string .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validate   text
truth:  validate   username

test:  iterate over a handle file .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  generate a 1-d function for a given function .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  converts a quadratic bezier curve to a cubic approximation .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a namedtuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   flask
truth:  return   times

test:  removes keys from a string .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  split   redash
truth:  split   hive

test:  disconnect a trace from the given service instance .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  clones a machine plan .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   pulls
truth:  clone   null

test:  issue a flash message .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry into an iterable .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  read   wrapping
truth:  read   handle

test:  this function unzip a set of the trees to their original attribute .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  transforms entities into symbolic html as specified entities .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  transforms   redirecting
truth:  transforms   entity

test:  escape the given json string to json .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  escape   scanned
truth:  escape   dumps

test:  create a new managed ports zone .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test querying cache from a deactivated cache file .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  given a file path and add them to the destination .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  return   resample
truth:  return   directories

test:  build global console action to be used in the global configuration .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  returns the quote version of the indices contained in a index file .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  provides   sparsedataset
truth:  provides   indices

test:  print output .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   flattens
truth:  print   output

test:  load a list of tuples .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  computes the hcluster distance between the normal features .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  get the number of available chapters .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   unpublicizes
truth:  release   description

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  move   mounted
truth:  move   end

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  stops a monit web server .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   pulls
truth:  stops   null

test:  return the cache durations durations durations for an idempotent .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  returns   serializing
truth:  returns   setting

test:  just prevent each request to clean up the scenario .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  quote a url including any / .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  extract a version of :func:textwrap .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   extract
truth:  extract   version

test:  deletes the images for a given image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  test that when idle is idle .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  runs the selected account on an account .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  parse an http response and return a python response .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  sends an api delete api key .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  instantiates an all-ones variable filled with samples drawn from a variable .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   summarize
truth:  instantiates   zeros

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   executed
truth:  filter   dictionary

test:  parses the check class .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  escape a list of values that are in google .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   combines
truth:  create   campaign

test:  install all assets available for the development .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  install   proxying
truth:  install   assets

test:  test if full text search is not implemented and that we have a full search for tk .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  test   dos
truth:  test   search

test:  create a recent view .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  create   usage_key_string
truth:  create   view

test:  verify that a directory is contained in file-system and can be written or created with following system-wide .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  resnet-200 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  make a new backup for the given backup .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  generate a key pair then keys .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  append a program to a file .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unblock   allocate
truth:  unblock   user

test:  this will filter the contents of the block through variable .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filter   bartels
truth:  filter   contents

test:  home a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  removes the fake project directory the project .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  check that the value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test of tax tax lines with order for given order .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   fetches
truth:  test   parent

test:  run error and log message immediately .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  function   ssl
truth:  function   errors

test:  return a path to the directory where mrjob ends in a pythonpath .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  get the distance from a segment and the segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  takes a string and returns the detected regex and some its output .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  replaces   shared
truth:  replaces   string

test:  make sure the defaults for the given path is in the get_ha1 .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add the line to the beginning of the line .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  add   small_stmts
truth:  add   line

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  truncates reverse function from quality file and quality fasta filepath output_dir: reverse array containing primer fasta filepath percent_subsample: primer and quality .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   profile
truth:  creates   theme

test:  list all args: kwargs: kwargs: : an iterable of file names to check returns: str: param .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  given a sequence of functions (f(g(h))) .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  validate the cursor from deletion .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  run   supports
truth:  run   text

test:  return an array to a file object .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  tests retrieving a single single single single single single view .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  this function normalizes a python hash table to the supplied hash of the second software .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  callback used by pyyaml when the switchable tag is encountered .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  get the harris points of distance .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  parse a string or float .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  returns true if the value is devisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  split a path in root and extension .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a number .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  get the name of the process from the debug file .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  get   snaps
truth:  get   pid

test:  get the attribute of the module .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the head part of a pathname .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  validates an object or a string of the supplied value .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  function   unescape
truth:  function   validate

test:  create and return a link object .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  make   looping
truth:  make   node

test:  return the laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  remove a suffix from a suffix .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the index of a numpy array that maps the first dimension in the index .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  overrides the stack trace into a warning .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  format   expected
truth:  format   stack

test:  returns: string .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  returns   emits
truth:  returns   definition

test:  attach a backing device(s) to a cache set if no dev is given .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   spawn
truth:  attach   devices

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   guesses
truth:  load   pkg

test:  convert an opcode to an rcode matrix .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  updates an entry in the volume .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  pulls   ssh
truth:  pulls   swap

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  run a command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return a list of tuples for which obj is false .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  test for #148 .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of libraries installed libraries across the portage library .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  apply an image cli example: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  not run a suite .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  provides   downgrades
truth:  provides   point

test:  convert a signed 64-bit integer into a numpy array .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  given   standardizes
truth:  given   byte

test:  create all provided provided files .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a string or unicode instance .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return the absolute version of a path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  retrieve a path from a path .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  tries   tear
truth:  tries   module

test:  delete user .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  deletes   allocate
truth:  deletes   user

test:  like *inside* .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  redirect url to the attachments app .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  redirect   labeled
truth:  redirect   file

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  compute betweenness centrality for two different constant .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   define
truth:  compute   path

test:  open the git chapter .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  opens   generate
truth:  opens   users

test:  convert a list of files that come out of the iterable and it to the filenames of the decorated function .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  compute a generalized matrix for analog samples from a q0 .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  get the first non implements the user for the specified user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  convert a path or dotted egg to a egg path .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  set the shortcut of a shortcut .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  return a datetime object from the given ajaxsearch zone .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  given   suggests
truth:  given   timezone

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  module home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  generates a svgelement filter values for each group .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  generate a random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  generates   emitting
truth:  generates   character

test:  clean orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  clean   borrowed
truth:  clean   instances

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ensures that all keywords have greater than the right file .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  example: then the data points for a region .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function that returns data and load an provided command .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  converts a string into an int .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  interpret   shared
truth:  interpret   string

test:  creates a sequence of decoding suitable for each key and fills rolls .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   sent
truth:  generate   bunch

test:  return virtualname .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns the book representation of the databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   enroll
truth:  exhausts   iterator

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  calculate the mavg window for each element of time in x .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  creates a dictionary of bug-reports .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  test freezing a bazaar bazaar .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  test   middleware
truth:  test   clone

test:  writes out tracemalloc .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   tile
truth:  dumps   information

test:  save data as a old literal for the course registration code .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  turn a n-d tensor or sparse matrix to a new image where the first dimension is the batches of the batches .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  callable to the proxied connection .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  like   processing
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  only load if the ipset module is available .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  validate the given iterables .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  raise   constant_expression_opt
truth:  raise   iterables

test:  get a service by compute host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   press
truth:  get   hostname

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  function that return a pipe .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  load the basic bindings for the system bindings .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  pulls   resizing
truth:  pulls   bindings

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   usage
truth:  load   rows

test:  returns an argument dict of dimension .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   truncate
truth:  commits   savepoint

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  launch the frequencies .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  allows   dissassociates
truth:  allows   levels

test:  extract an kind from a given kind of entities .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  extracts   construct
truth:  extracts   kind

test:  removes outer warnings from the given category .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  context   float
truth:  context   decorator

test:  encode python boolean .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  returns the secret token .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  load the context from the flaskbb request .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  configures   colorized
truth:  configures   context

test:  export a export .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   handles
truth:  export   site

test:  returns a version string containing the paths appearing in file .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  search   labeled
truth:  search   file

test:  read a string table into the tree .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   gauss
truth:  read   strings

test:  get the datastore list from the database .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  ensure that id is valid and of the docker id .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  check   search
truth:  check   d

test:  validates that value is an instance of basestring or none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  get an iterable of paths based on a collection path .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  select   uncheck
truth:  select   element

test:  filter ports available .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns true if the executable exists and asserts that the executable is in the correct shell .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  gets a decorator that checks if a collection is in the collection .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  requires   reallocation
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the login from the os api .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  returns true if the given filepath is a votable where each tag is a string .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  create a new worker function to decorate a deterministic worker .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  stretch a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  dimension   labeled
truth:  dimension   file

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  return a paths to be used .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  format a content for a profile .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a timestamps .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  function   switch
truth:  function   list

test:  parse authentication entries from user authentication entries .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  parses   protects
truth:  parses   args

test:  iterate over all python files in dirname and return its optional directory .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  iterates   preferred
truth:  iterates   subdirectories

test:  respond to a summary of all detail which a summary code returned .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  converts symbols into a given symbol and symbols value .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  print statistics about our numa stats .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  test   triggers
truth:  test   plotting

test:  parse the block from a block .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  process   small_stmts
truth:  process   line

test:  compute polynomial composition of f .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  this check ensures that the status of the views are created before a given views views .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  pulls   routing
truth:  pulls   registry

test:  returns an html file with a nipype array .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  generates a dictionary containing the path to the dependency models .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  helper function compute the input length of convolution operation .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  determines   confirmed
truth:  determines   length

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  elementwise exp function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  parse a cookie header and return a _schema of the section .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   bench
truth:  parses   value

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  check if input name is subclass and host_agent_types are the right .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  ensure that the plugin is valid .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  checks   identifies
truth:  checks   plugin

test:  wrapper for dev page titles .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  abbreviated abbreviated unit function for when different types are used for testing .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  tests   tsv
truth:  tests   components

test:  associate an email with a new page .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns true if the course is in the course structure for the given course .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   catch
truth:  returns   course

test:  test whether arg is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  test   utf-8
truth:  test   argument

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the currently selected language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   stretch
truth:  returns   language

test:  test that the same topic method escapes the same topic .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a factory that helps the configured compute api class from the configured compute api variables .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  run any ancestor tests .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  test   mocked
truth:  test   runner

test:  get partial complex from the loop .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  a dummy helper to apply a class to the code .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  used   enumerates
truth:  used   protocol

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns a list of items matching tree .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  creates   define
truth:  creates   path

test:  returns a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  iterates over the microdescriptors in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   unmap
truth:  iterates   descriptors

test:  get the file mode .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize implicit .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  initialize   grouping
truth:  initialize   system

test:  given a key .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  retrieve   unleash
truth:  retrieve   store

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  writes   attriute
truth:  writes   stdout

test:  returns the hash of a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  the view of a list of links found in the view .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  list   decreases
truth:  list   documents

test:  turns a list or list of matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  rabins polynomial irreducibility test over finite fields .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  calculate   cleaning
truth:  calculate   matrix

test:  generate a resource filename for a given file in source directory .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  return an auth file server .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  scrub   based
truth:  scrub   address

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates all activities for all aliases .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generate   sleep
truth:  generate   files

test:  setup the "next" partitions for the system .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  return a list of all the configured hostnames modules .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  compute the first bits of a matrix .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   query
truth:  compute   position

test:  handle the basket delete requests .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   limiting
truth:  handle   order

test:  equivalent of the currently installed music and returns the result of the music .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   fill
truth:  return   pathname

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  emit   attribute
truth:  emit   statements

test:  set a user timeout in ~/ for the current request .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  get releases with labels .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  search   instanticates
truth:  search   releases

test:  return a list of nodes represented by a number of nodes in b .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   replaced
truth:  return   digits

test:  get all networks by id or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  reshape iterator of dimension of a single dimension .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return a string of the regex and no iterations .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  return true if the dashboard is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  encodes a from utf-8 into unicode for utf-8 encoded value .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  quote a variable field .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a wsgi environment .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  send   backported
truth:  send   handlers

test:  iterate over a list of python corpus .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  bind the model to the parent class .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  create   filtering
truth:  create   edit

test:  perform a blockdevice_id to export .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  upload a file-like object to s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  write the httpresponse response of the given http response .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  pulls   increasing
truth:  pulls   pyrax

test:  given a user id and anonymous anonymous user id .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   printing
truth:  set   locale

test:  embed a standard shell shell into the given namespace .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  set up the station bridge and return its push .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  set   behaves
truth:  set   bom

test:  creates a directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get a specific backend .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  returns a slice of characters supplied by limit .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  get   sympy
truth:  get   slice

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   incorporate
truth:  delete   cursor

test:  returns a list of list of given layer parameters by layer vm encoding .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  elementtree cache .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  pulls   grabbing
truth:  pulls   selector

test:  convert input image to a mpl image .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  ensures that the named user does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   allocate
truth:  ensures   user

test:  multiply the latest latest variable with sparse matrices .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  multiply   divides
truth:  multiply   matrices

test:  convert an castra attribute array to dask .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  load   reduces
truth:  load   dask

test:  get the first file name .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  logs out the user out .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  build an error message from network .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   stores
truth:  instantiate   name

test:  extends the display name for a username .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  return a list of all tagger values for the given language code .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  use   default
truth:  use   part

test:  create a temporary file .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  copy a file to disk .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a base-36 string representation of the experiment of a models book .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator that forces added header to the value of the function indexing .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  pulls   opening
truth:  pulls   smart_text

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda list keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  trims a url to the fragment and then moves it is an html link with its selected element .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  trims   string
truth:  trims   texts

test:  get the windows key to be sent in the registry .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  retrieves   intialize
truth:  retrieves   root

test:  returns a handle to apply database metadata to a dictionary of the messages .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  create the subtitle .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  tokenizes a given text into a dictionary with the given word .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  tokenizes   supports
truth:  tokenizes   text

test:  convert a specific key to the cachedir .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  compute   crop
truth:  compute   directory

test:  this module is only used to sort s to a python node .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  initialize __init__ .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   boot
truth:  parse   dot

test:  function to shutdown a windows device .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  returns an alternate alternate alternate test for the given xpath .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  find   uncheck
truth:  find   element

test:  special outline of the response .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  displays   evpn
truth:  displays   schema

test:  ensure image is present in the computenode name : string uuid of images .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   forwards
truth:  ensure   image

test:  return a relative url of the provided url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  resolve   access
truth:  resolve   url

test:  convert a torrent into a tuple of .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  remove   query
truth:  remove   position

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  multivariate normal interpolation function .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove special folders which are created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  function to register a synchronous function as not required to be called in the backend .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   skills
truth:  fetches   track

test:  generates a dataframe for each entry in the queue .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  validate a locale .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  make   printing
truth:  make   locale

test:  check whether x values over den and remove symbolic .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  convert a indices of indices to a posify element .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  flip   sparsedataset
truth:  flip   indices

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  returns the value for the identity device or none if no identity is found .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require a conda package .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  restart the named task .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  run   calculate
truth:  run   windows

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension extensions .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  place for a single diskspace warning: .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  check that pygtk and only works as scipy .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  removes git code .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  returns   httperror
truth:  returns   digit

test:  convenience wrapper to create a dictionary of two elements .
truth: like @property . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  undo vote for a vote on a user .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the chordal cycle graph .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete logged in the todo .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  delete   unenroll
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   were
truth:  gets   property

test:  callback for djangos django 1 .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  runs   bounds
truth:  runs   table

test:  example uptime from cisco ios: twb-sf-881 uptime is 14 weeks .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   shared
truth:  obtain   string

test:  get a server by name .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  avoid any certificate lineage .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   bootstraps
truth:  serializes   callable

test:  extract a zip zip member from a zip zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  extract   blink
truth:  extract   zip

test:  ensure that the named alias is absent name the key of the state that should be destroyed .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   restart
truth:  ensure   account

test:  parses a mapping of files and returns a dictionary of functionannotation values .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   presents
truth:  parse   mapping

test:  return a path to the current working directory .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   rescue
truth:  transform   vector3

test:  return a unicode representation of string or unicode object for the given python 2 .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  list all password on the account .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   protect
truth:  list   ips

test:  ensure that a tls object is absent for the specified user .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   be
truth:  ensure   acl

test:  test for a model into .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  try   regenerate
truth:  try   nltk

test:  assemble a function into a module .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  assemble   labeled
truth:  assemble   file

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  pulls   pack
truth:  pulls   edge

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  check that the regression needs to be improved .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  turns a python object into a json .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  returns the instance metadata for the given instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   post_save
truth:  returns   metadata

test:  decorator to run an executor method asynchronously on a given connection .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the standard deviation of the standard deviation of an iterable .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  drop stray .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   resample
truth:  drop   directories

test:  aux function .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  a string or tk lines for each comment .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  return   iterates
truth:  return   comment

test:  get the firewall status .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  show   finalize
truth:  show   firewall

test:  expected calculated_stat __doc__ .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  utility to run the return the bokeh script .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  simple gpu function for use_gridspec .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  pulls   landing
truth:  pulls   sum

test:  dump the data to a file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a google cloud storage file contents .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  make sure hosts defined in @roles are protected .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   prefilled
truth:  make   hosts

test:  determine the xml text from the yes .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  create two these nodes in a 3d isotropic graph and right create "principal" matrix returns n .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  returns   descend
truth:  returns   edges

test:  modify complete section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   alignment
truth:  modify   section

test:  return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  project likelihood to be used in likelihood parameters n : int number of points for which unconstrained parameters .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  transform   offset
truth:  transform   parameters

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  return program path to executable program .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  a naive partial partial functions with the result and g .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  function   roundrobin
truth:  function   application

test:  checks if the given language is a babel locale code .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return mro classes for mro or classic class headers .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  return   limiting
truth:  return   order

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  strips matching pattern from handlers and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  strips   nose
truth:  strips   prefix

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   clearing
truth:  read   meta

test:  determines if the given module is an extension of a single module .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  renders and return a new template .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  get information about available version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  display   populating
truth:  display   info

test:  converts the given integer to delta .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   establish
truth:  convert   py

test:  saves an finder page to a new wiki page .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  solve the area under the exponential distribution .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  computes   intrepret
truth:  computes   pdf

test:  return an httpresponse with the data json-serialized and the right content type header .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  get the shared shared memory .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  allocate   squares
truth:  allocate   percent

test:  return a list of all milestones associated with the specified namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  reads the pivoting result of a list of pivot .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  calculate style loss between style_image and target_image .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  calculate   negotiate
truth:  calculate   loss

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  a decorator for methods that return a single argument name .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  memoize   float
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  a helper method for the tool tool .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  provide   enhanced
truth:  provide   object

test:  converts an exception object to a response .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  return mask to mask .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  match and returns a indicating indicating if present .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  returns   document
truth:  returns   brackets

test:  parse the javascript code from a code block .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  reorder unifrac names into a following file .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  read text shape file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   overwrites
truth:  read   shape

test:  get size in raw text .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  prints error messages and exit with an error code .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  dump   extended
truth:  dump   exit

test:  yields antidivisors permutations of the graph with n nodes in n .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  define the value of the general config .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  searches   deflate
truth:  searches   config

test:  returns a directed graph for nodes in the graph .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  search   looping
truth:  search   node

test:  custom view .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  apply the inventory and reading the json .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  compares each test cases and performs a file .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   expression_opt
truth:  test   astropy

test:  returns true if the installed certificates are installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  makes a simple authentication token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  returns true if any uri can be used in the query for new s3 .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an integer to a string of bytes .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test general boolean set .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  akaike information criterion with small sample correction parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  return a markdown dict html .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  markdown   hits
truth:  markdown   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  adds a message with the warning level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  a decorator that ensures that the decorated function raises an exception when the function is not in the master call .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  logs   unbinds
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  constructs the viewport kernel spec for the installed kernel .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  expands   simulate
truth:  expands   spec

test:  delete all server from spacewalk cli example: .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   review
truth:  delete   keys

test:  return xprotect_reports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  computes the visible viewer function .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  adds a error codes to the error codes .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  add   polynomials
truth:  add   codes

test:  ensure a specific variable exists in the running defaults .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  replace   borrowed
truth:  replace   instances

test:  rooms a socketio request for the current session .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return qr qr decomposition of a such that it is fixed between two matrices .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  computes   grants
truth:  computes   decomposition

test:  get a set of intra-community values .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  return   interact
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an icon .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  returns the mac address representation of a mac address .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  generate   outline
truth:  generate   hex

test:  return a list of all services cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  normalizes a dns host into a given host .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  installs a randomness file .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterable of albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   bytes
truth:  searches   album

test:  return an array of field matching the field key .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  join a piece of the alignments .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  decode a spaced task payload from the given activating .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decodes   whiteboard
truth:  decodes   payload

test:  this op is the gradient of the gradient of the gradient in the tree .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decodes a base64 encoded string .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  guess   unifies
truth:  guess   encoding

test:  cherry cannot be saved commits .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  ensure that a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  generate a script script .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generates   optimized
truth:  generates   script

test:  restart the specified service on the rest_sample .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  display the figures figures .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  pulls   parens
truth:  pulls   figure

test:  determine error message when there is no error .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  formats a list of strings as a list .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  format   switch
truth:  format   list

test:  setup logging .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  creates a new .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse out the command event .
truth: given an event . 
test:  given   rescales
truth:  given   event

test:  try to guess a cg root .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  simplify   assembles
truth:  simplify   coefficients

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  gets the active queues of the active task .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   paginates
truth:  list   queues

test:  send a notification about a given program group on the notification group .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   clones
truth:  send   server

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   decide
truth:  change   groups

test:  returns a string with control chars in a given value .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  verify that the provided python is installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   flip
truth:  verify   python

test:  compute a dataframe .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  join   flip
truth:  join   python

test:  gets a data file from the datastore .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return strategy for a particular strategy .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  opens a remote wsgi stream on github credentials .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  processes   extract
truth:  processes   version

test:  compare dicts .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   understemmed
truth:  compare   results

test:  reads the secret secret from the secrets database and writes it to the secrets database and writes to secrets subdir .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  writes   bench
truth:  writes   value

test:  return a chunk from file based on the data received .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   tend
truth:  return   chunk

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read a file in the given name .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  estimate the chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the indent of the specified line .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return a rendered course date for the given user .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  return   multivariate
truth:  return   blocks

test:  checks barcodes of a header .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet snippet the same way .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  add   flip
truth:  add   python

test:  read the lsm file and return a dictionary of information wrap the lsm .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  convert a file to the current fif file for consumption by attachment .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create a complete django module with the provided module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  makes   compiles
truth:  makes   suite

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  write a table .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  return true if host configuration has a site configuration for the specified site .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this is a helper function to be used in a list of height .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  trims   summarize
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  converts a local path s to a local path .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  check if the given path matches one or more patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add application to the volume .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   roundrobin
truth:  add   application

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  writes datachars to writer .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   cutting
truth:  writes   writer

test:  return a tuple of all values that can be used on a users theuser or a theuser object .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  check if a vlan exists on the vm .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  when a datetime object has expired .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  tests   initializing
truth:  tests   trigger

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  nice nice node info .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  print   looping
truth:  print   node

test:  open a repository in the system .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  spawn   command
truth:  spawn   session

test:  computes the p-th percentage of a directed graph .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  convert action to mime-type actions .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  creates   decrease
truth:  creates   action

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  custom test for a regression completion .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  return a timezone associated with the given timezone .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  add a slash .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  destroys a elastic elastic instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  create a new team .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a list of states statements .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  issue   attribute
truth:  issue   statements

test:  run a shell client and process the standard output of a line .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  return   mixed
truth:  return   engine

test:  view a document for the given document .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns a list of report for given module .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the appropriate number of a dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  test multidimensional and multidimensional to multidimensional .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  post the notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  see if list of results for details .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  cache   analyzes
truth:  cache   size

test:  verify a fits file .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  this method returns the twilio twilio exam to get an entrance exam note that the entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  iterates over genbank formatted records .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  stop a redis server cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  entry point for %%prun .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  split a path into list of paths with pandas .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  split   explore
truth:  split   segments

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  logs to temp_dir which report have been met .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  ask for a color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   detects
truth:  ask   color

test:  determine if a positive integer is a valid kind .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  is   seq
truth:  is   fft

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  change a hash of the values of a given file .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return a path relative to colas /usr/share/doc/ directory .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  delete a path from a collection of path .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  take an iterable of columns and convert it to a single string .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   eliminates
truth:  flatten   elements

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   examines
truth:  encode   peak

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate "keys" for timing c .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  delete the named sysv service cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  creates appropriate database using params and table .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   populates
truth:  creates   params

test:  get the store of a store from uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  plotting plotting of the plot .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  sort   restoring
truth:  sort   data

test:  ensure that the status of a file is a valid status code .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  validates   inverts
truth:  validates   statuses

test:  convert a list to a list of lists .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  get a duration of .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  return true if the given path is a dependency within the dependency dependency .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  detects   define
truth:  detects   path

test:  add history element to the history list .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  indicate   rearranges
truth:  indicate   import

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  define a list of sorted servers .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  define   wait
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  a post-hook for the base class .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  pulls   belong
truth:  pulls   hook

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set a list of users .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  sets   were
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect to discussion signals .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  connect   extends
truth:  connect   signals

test:  store a propositional logical and returns a new traversal .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a decorator to lltrace .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  compares the rank of layers .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  compare   reported
truth:  compare   function

test:  render a paginator .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  render   outputs
truth:  render   pages

test:  load a file .
truth: open history . 
test:  open   remove
truth:  open   history

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  read config defaults in the config file .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get or set the radial ticklines plot .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  only work on systems with riak installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confine   encode
truth:  confine   mac

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install the docker task .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  parse a document from a string .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  dimitem : map_type | newline .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  chops lines in a file .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  returns true if minc is greater than minc .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  connect to amazon cloudwatch :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  connect   satisfy
truth:  connect   container

test:  copies source file and destination into a destination .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   unlocking
truth:  move   source

test:  check if the directory has write access to disk .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  returns true if value is a valid string .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns a sympifiable { counts of a g object .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  compute   commits
truth:  compute   sensitivity

test:  launches a list of available about the given about page .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   xfail
truth:  launches   help

test:  test fastprint calls .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  build the sitemap tasks for the given locale .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   sleep
truth:  build   files

test:  creates protobuf from a protobuf field .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  system information type 7 section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  plot a single image and patch the result .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  send a traffic to be running inside pillar data .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  send   rescales
truth:  send   event

test:  restart the named service .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  a function which supports the canonical type of a vector .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  given a generic regular expression or a string of the chosen pattern .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  search   printed
truth:  search   pattern

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return your data records from the template .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return an internal filename for testing .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  given a will extract the result of a given type .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  return   shed
truth:  return   exception

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   forget
truth:  returns   inverse

test:  error 404 via url .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  parse a uri given by a uri .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the original original object for the given original mod .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  add faces from faces to faces .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  rgb to rgb color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  transform   pulls
truth:  transform   null

test:  construct an image .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  given   deactivate
truth:  given   glance

test:  renders the homepage .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  a helper function for the app engine .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  default stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   bring
truth:  stream   page

test:  attaches results to sleep and return a program .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  generates and returns a nodesplit name from the given delimiter string .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  elementtree debug function .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  pulls   rewrites
truth:  pulls   xpath

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  set the preferred time zone .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  sets   rect
truth:  sets   work

test:  unpack a matrix x .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  return   mutate
truth:  return   column

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  test the message twice function .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  get the docs file name of the source file .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  retrieve   removing
truth:  retrieve   parse

test:  apply a function to a list of strings .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   attempt
truth:  split   extension

test:  ask for a list of files .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  waits for a process to be available .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string with alpha .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  return 18 templates .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   derive
truth:  return   templates

test:  returns the current stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  gets telemetry data for the current user .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  add new item to your db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get task status for a task .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  view   located
truth:  view   method

test:  returns a dict mapping the speed string to be used as an params .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  returns a model class from an applications .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  checks that first is b in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a list of tuples of length 1 if it is not none or equal to the ith about each element of the input .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all specification for specified qos specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  renders markdown text to html .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  given   surround
truth:  given   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  quote a unicode string for utf8 .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  format a datetime object for display .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   emits
truth:  transform   definition

test:  fetches information of a certain security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   tile
truth:  fetches   information

test:  fetches all valid ids for the given exploration .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup the actual database .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob and keypoints .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  uploads the path to the rsync remote directory .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  uploads   forgot
truth:  uploads   project

test:  authentication the google cloud credentials .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  get   skipped
truth:  get   use

test:  create a new service options .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  run the wx event loop .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  sends a message to admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  regression test for #1181 .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  get a version of the distribution .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  grab   extract
truth:  grab   version

test:  check if the groups is expressable and the con of the plugin_type_identifier where there are a given power of the target leading bool .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  push a course update operation in the course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  return true if filename is a considered file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  python manage .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  apply a acoustid to each acoustid in the task .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  apply   post_save
truth:  apply   metadata

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as recursive wrapper around repr() functions .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  create a program to run a gui .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  determines if a dataset is a new dataset .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  creates   debugging
truth:  creates   dataset

test:  gets information about the certificate footer and returns the certificate footer .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of the data for all of the given job .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  this function is used in x where the x and y are dropped .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  create   iterator
truth:  create   kernel

test:  return server error details .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  descend   restoring
truth:  descend   data

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  validates that the named value is a valid one of the service name .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   guessing
truth:  destroy   namespace

test:  ensures that the local files in a local file .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   demonstrates
truth:  ensure   setup

test:  returns the set of all dependencies for the applicable block .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  pulls   waitfordeferred
truth:  pulls   monkey

test:  makes a map of file names into a dictionary .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  map   reported
truth:  map   function

test:  add attachment_specs information to the workers table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  given a project activity .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read a dict of numbers .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   drops
truth:  wrap   call

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  pulls   removing
truth:  pulls   parse

test:  perform metagenomeseqs css files on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  return a windows java test .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  returns   translates
truth:  returns   flags

test:  sample up to sample count for comparison .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  filter   reported
truth:  filter   function

test:  insert list x as a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  call the function .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  required   server_root
truth:  required   opts

test:  push a file .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  push   forwards
truth:  push   image

test:  initialize the specified kernel .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialise   bounds
truth:  initialise   table

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  function to return the right question question in the order of a question .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  get   target_expressing
truth:  get   question

test:  pop a sequence of arguments into a section arguments .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   instantiate
truth:  composes   arguments

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   bench
truth:  skip   value

test:  returns true if the value is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  check   format_alignment
truth:  check   authentication

test:  provide the user for the login application .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  prompts   allocate
truth:  prompts   user

test:  {success: is to be written after a buffer around events .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  emulate   preprocessing
truth:  emulate   char

test:  get the fully qualified parameters .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  test pick of channels .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  set up the scsgate switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  add   fixed
truth:  add   scenario

test:  find the successors of the graph in the order of the nodes in the order .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a header based on the first line .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  insert   assume
truth:  insert   header

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  get all instances belonging to a consistency or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   borrowed
truth:  get   instances

test:  depth first search wrapper for each search in path .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  depth   dos
truth:  depth   search

test:  read in a minions .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  changes   populating
truth:  changes   info

test:  get a dict of wanna for a project .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   determine
truth:  get   projects

test:  encodes string or bytes to bytes .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return the current file descriptor .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  determines   downloading
truth:  determines   package

test:  stop the geonode geoserver .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  returns the position just after the line markers .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  yields chunks of data from location .
truth: given a location . 
test:  given   widening
truth:  given   location

test:  add orbits for the extruder off .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  stop a service by sending it down .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  no-op keypress to which ckan ids based on given service .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  map   specifies
truth:  map   methods

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  generate   forbid
truth:  generate   options

test:  syntax into new file .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  get whether the user input is a qurl .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  command name auto-correct .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  command   twitter
truth:  command   auto

test:  rheader for facilities when doing a req_match .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  localization localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  checks if current theme is stale .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  returns the default float type .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  parses a list of lists and returns a dictionary of the form product .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  parse   decoding
truth:  parse   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  helper function to extract a list of instance instances .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  given   xlsx
truth:  given   query

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  copied from containerbroker before the metadata column was added; used for testing with testaccountbrokerbeforemetadata .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   unblock
truth:  copied   swift

test:  i have sent an email with the following in the body: name: mr .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  return a pair of words from a trie .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  sanitize an sane representation of a hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  load all modules with name modname from all modules .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   stores
truth:  loads   name

test:  return a dict of params which can be used to encode some corresponding key .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  function   xlsx
truth:  function   query

test:  a decorator to make sure that the decorated function is not used and cleaned up errors .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  log   unbinds
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  prints a parsed traceback of a exctype .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  enroll student of ccx role on ccx email .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  manage   progress
truth:  manage   enrollment

test:  mangle the type of the given type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  mangle   teardown
truth:  mangle   type

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   doctest
truth:  compute   remainder

test:  load all listing from an app .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   spawns
truth:  ensure   endpoint

test:  send message to typetalk v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  validates a mapping of file and gradient percent .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  ensures   transliterate
truth:  ensures   variable

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  plot the text metrics with each outline formats .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   sift
truth:  plot   metric

test:  returns all student information for a course .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  mysql redirects for inserting .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  query the virtual machine of a given file .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  fetches   stores
truth:  fetches   name

test:  download a rabbitmq :class:deconv2dlayer from a remote location .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  generate a random random number .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  compute the squared erfinv function .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   stubbed
truth:  learns   headers

test:  list and return a list of locks objects .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  create a internaldate field .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  help   obj
truth:  help   filters

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  load the plugin names from the first plugin names .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return a dictionary representation of a given parse string .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  returns   minpoly(add
truth:  returns   words

test:  removes ~# .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  handle   asarray
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders fields in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   masks
truth:  renders   jinja2

test:  avoid duplicating page param in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   deal
truth:  avoid   param

test:  retrieve an aws course enrollment from a given course_key .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  filename   wanted
truth:  filename   filename

test:  compute a general file for the tid of a monic file .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  return a current location in an vcenter .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  a scenario outline -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  it should extract the first scenario tags from the scenario .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  do lws folding .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  common - get the paths - buffer of a path .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  use   rasied
truth:  use   ctypes

test:  takes two paths and checks the paths for those that paths are attached .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  get a network network .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  gets   killed
truth:  gets   network

test:  make sure we dont crash if an error is not set .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  test   storing
truth:  test   template

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  run all capacity .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  jinja2 jinja2 in jinja2 directory .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  evaluate   result
truth:  evaluate   recipe

test:  converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  a file from a cache file .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  if a python integer were allowed to a specified stream .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   place
truth:  view   generator

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   sympy
truth:  returns   slice

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  fetches a list of all security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  construct a l2 object given a development service .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  change user account primary and remove their translations .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  change   based
truth:  change   address

test:  make a mixture from a mixture .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  make a fake exception string to be sent in the request .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  formatting   unbinds
truth:  formatting   exceptions

test:  marks the tense as deprecated .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  removes a file in the list of files contained in the base and returns a list of file path .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  plot error band at each band in a filesystem .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   capturing
truth:  plot   error

test:  make the elementwise pairs of each input pairs this returns a count of the input fill fill with a set of arrays .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  reduces   lstrip
truth:  reduces   set

test:  the main function .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  return all volumes matching a given generic volume group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  when a circuittermination doesnt have created .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  archive   pulls
truth:  archive   null

test:  convert cutoff into positive integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  returns the api time calls for the user .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  restore a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  retrieve a client configuration object for a vserver instance .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   unload
truth:  get   client

test:  return dataframe .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  computes   regressiont
truth:  computes   index

test:  remove the messages and delete messages and delete the backend in the current session .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  get   prioritized
truth:  get   messages

test:  sends an email to a user of email .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   equalize
truth:  sends   email

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this tamper script works
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  initialize the accessing info .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  importing   pulls
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve login url of an login url .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  gets   access
truth:  gets   url

test:  truncate a value to a previously truncated quality .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  truncates   pulls
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  transposes   providing
truth:  transposes   tensor

test:  puts() shouldnt output with env .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize a finder .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   rank
truth:  display   finder

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a template for a template .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  decorate a record-style middleware that includes the result of an api .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  in order to be used in a valid exclusive .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  get the center center x list of center center .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  creates the country codes from the user .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  returns the ring of the graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  defines   base64
truth:  defines   ring

test:  helper function for handling get a message to redirect to a message .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  redirects   pulls
truth:  redirects   null

test:  send a message to the oauth2 user .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  add a path to graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  of the dot product of a sequence of integers .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  pulls   registers
truth:  pulls   product

test:  download a travel from technique or old set the data as a docker .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   intrepret
truth:  download   pdf

test:  get the bpm device path for the given config .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  creates   fixes
truth:  creates   manager

test:  parse the first options to a list of options and return a form .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  returns a dict describing the state of the packages that have been marked as a .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  helper function for _get_systemd_os_release_var() to cup .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replaces   drawing
truth:  replaces   tags

test:  strip all field values from ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  generate a timezone-aware datetime .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  generating   pulls
truth:  generating   null

test:  calculate md5sum of a file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  make a valid nxm field names for the given data .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  make   inform
truth:  make   entry

test:  associate specified volume type .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   teardown
truth:  associate   type

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   launch
truth:  convert   coordinates

test:  transliterate an input string to ascii characters .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  change   flashes
truth:  change   characters

test:  register pelican link .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  parse a 150 type of a boolean .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  parses a cost comparator .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   pre
truth:  parses   equation

test:  test freezing a version of freeze .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  test   unparsing
truth:  test   git

test:  test clean up image in taylor from the documented decimal point of the current image .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   throw
truth:  adds   x

test:  compute the values of template function that returns r values as brainstorm .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  pulls   skip
truth:  pulls   difference

test:  creates a store in the given children .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   banned
truth:  create   children

test:  returns the id string corresponding to a error function .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  returns a list of urls for each listing of the some files .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the repository namespaces .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   guessing
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  deletes a comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  dispatches   decrease
truth:  dispatches   action

test:  returns the current root directory .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  install sphinx extension .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  certain certain string for the process with the given name .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  compile   bench
truth:  compile   value

test:  get solid geometryoutput by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  convert a connected '\xff' in the hex_code example: .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  get information about a specific vm by its id .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  retrieve   hostname
truth:  retrieve   vm

test:  return a path to the absolute resource relative to the operating system-specific format .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  ensures that the doctest count is loaded .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  return a list of paths about the desired path cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns a string .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  from google .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   dos
truth:  fetch   search

test:  clean up files .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  remove   extension

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   jump
truth:  add   pixel

test:  fixes a single frame of a fixed frame .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  try   disabling
truth:  try   filenames

test:  copies the suspend function to a disk based on its corresponding to the .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the login protected .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   parsefile
truth:  get   descriptor

test:  decode a url-safe string using hexadecimal encoding .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  display the community tag of the current locale .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  update addons+collections collections .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   hooked
truth:  update   downloads

test:  check if the provided string is a locked .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  determine   constructs
truth:  determine   lock

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  ask a question; message to a ask .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  matrix trace hook .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  trace   cleaning
truth:  trace   matrix

test:  tests that all of mopidy chars are pickled .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  extract the index from an index key .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  validate loop browser .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  check   urlencode
truth:  check   item

test:  run and profile events .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  converts a string to a list of non-empty constants .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  calculate the remaining remaining start date for a given start date .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   support
truth:  calculate   time

test:  perform float data prediction using 2 layer mlp with tanh and sigmoid activations .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   zoom
truth:  classify   vectors

test:  parse a filename and return the tree mode .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   unlocking
truth:  parse   source

test:  convert a dictionary of json values to a json object .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  converts   svn
truth:  converts   dicts

test:  python 2 .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  ensure the container agent agent is enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   reading
truth:  ensure   agent

test:  extract the bit bit from a mask .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  get   linkify
truth:  get   integer

test:  create a new acl .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  convolutional image with the zeros of the tensor with the same shape of a 4d image .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  add a service and a serviceold to an debugging range .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  test unique elements .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  main one or more :class:horizonbuilder receivers .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  test mne compare_fiff .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   latex
truth:  test   mne

test:  return vtk .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  packs a boolean property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  gets the size of the given parameters param : callable .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  return   given
truth:  return   register

test:  verifies that the response was created correctly with enough 200 .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  apply an application error to a file error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  calculate and return symbol for each symbol in symbol .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  calculate   deployed
truth:  calculate   symbols

test:  cache a permission function with a preserving preserving its permissions .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  caching   files
truth:  caching   check

test:  create a loopback .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  extract the _mantissa bits from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  determine   prepopulates
truth:  determine   bits

test:  recursively traverse a directory and all its subdirectories .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  finds   beginning
truth:  finds   glob

test:  test test a line of channels .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  add images to files .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  write a stage for image .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  inform   allocate
truth:  inform   user

test:  converts db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test that a regression verifies the viewport lines of html which is created from a relative file .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a list of extra positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  convert 3d coordinates to cartesian .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   launch
truth:  converts   coordinates

test:  return true if theres a field in the given model class .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  returns   pushing
truth:  returns   model

test:  create a new toplevel widget .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  setup the demo binary sensor devices .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  tests index file with index revision and on-disk units .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   highlights
truth:  tests   update

test:  create a new compiler compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  move notification from one or more notification to another .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  moves   l{twisted
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  return the login for the given host and port .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  test cases: a table .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  reads all configuration .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  generate a hosts for system .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  returns the registry cache directory .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   eliminating
truth:  return   cache

test:  updates remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  execute   domain
truth:  execute   fetch

test:  returns expired sessions of a device .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  returns   implement
truth:  returns   sessions

test:  return true if the tag for the given tag name .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  split a into a pair of int64 .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  filters out unwanted components from a random expression .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  solve   teardown
truth:  solve   type

test:  removes the headers from the response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  removes   stubbed
truth:  removes   headers

test:  simulate a function that returns net usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  get a merge the merge changes in the git .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  given   disappear
truth:  given   commit

test:  returns the profile model that can be passed .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  regression test for #1244 .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   fixes
truth:  test   manager

test:  compute the periodogram for a circle feature .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a dict with file key and rename the value of the given filename .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  replace   supports
truth:  replace   text

test:  delete a security group cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  delete   enabled
truth:  delete   nova

test:  tell worker(s) to consume a command .
truth: hold election . 
test:  hold   pulls
truth:  hold   null

test:  test python virtualenv .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  test   mail
truth:  test   creation

test:  uninstall an apk from the system cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   registers
truth:  uninstall   product

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   stubbed
truth:  asserts   headers

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets the number of subtasks to send to a number of subtasks .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  determines   sparks
truth:  determines   number

test:  extracts messages and append to an client .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  gets   randomise
truth:  gets   message

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used to mark a method that should be routed for route requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  copy a keys in depth-first lib into a hierarchy .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  generates   forgets
truth:  generates   filesystem

test:  return: return: of the users password .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  stop gradient of the list of gradient .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get all slave rules in a db .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  returns   responds
truth:  returns   database

test:  return true if the ca certs file exists .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  returns the correspond to the correspond roots of the linkage .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns the rank of an array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  take   restrict
truth:  take   array

test:  set a single key in the config file .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  sets   listen
truth:  sets   key

test:  group an array to the specified large array .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  return lines in a string .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  add a new entry in the checker .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return a list of keys that belong to the named host .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   paste
truth:  list   containers

test:  return a string triple that can be used to a color color color .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  decorator which external methods to make http request .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  verifies that the user can view the salt:// user .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  verified   pulls
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the scores for two related samples of a and items of the same length .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  wrap a function to be used as deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  indicates   reported
truth:  indicates   function

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   offset
truth:  indicates   parameters

test:  helper function for restoring action according to an cleanup configuration from configuration .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   was
truth:  change   uid

test:  be the current date and return the output zone .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  returns   known
truth:  returns   utc

test:  converts a wotan tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  delete the cors cors bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   freezing
truth:  delete   configuration

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   stripping
truth:  providing   step

test:  equate the points .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  equate   algorithm
truth:  equate   points

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  registers a new widget with all admin widgets .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   reserializes
truth:  register   widget

test:  a regression test for a typo matrix .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sets the field part for the field includes .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  see :class:downloads3key .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  force x to either a list or an object .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  generate a dictionary of result from a string of it .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  turns a document into a json representation .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  this utility provides a html documentation to the executive .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  return the file names of the source file .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  unzip   labeled
truth:  unzip   file

test:  a helper function to create a mock to replace the use of open .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  mock   reported
truth:  mock   function

test:  verifies that the class passes like a class on a specific class .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  pulls   were
truth:  pulls   property

test:  checks that major is in the correct version .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  checks   default
truth:  checks   part

test:  query helper that accounts for the given query .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  stack   port
truth:  stack   helper

test:  create symmetrical log locator with base subs =[1 .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  win for dense matrices .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  returns   cover
truth:  returns   weight

test:  validate the configuration and return an asus-wrt scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  list all of the currently being used in a commit .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  lists   mounts
truth:  lists   objects

test:  get a geometry output .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return an icon for the application .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   resizes
truth:  return   icon

test:  read count 64-bit float using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  :meth: a list of scalars .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  pulls   supplement
truth:  pulls   synonym

test:  list the dns dns ip addresses .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  extracts messages from db .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  test rocaucchannel .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  returns a timestamp .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  only return if the dockerio execution module is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer or 0 or 0 .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the payload objects .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   divide
truth:  setup   tracker

test:  for each word in the dictionary .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  insures   terminate
truth:  insures   password

test:  create a file .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  return a list of country from a country zone .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return whether or not a path is a mount point .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test y .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   gated
truth:  test   wether

test:  encode polyline points .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encodes   algorithm
truth:  encodes   points

test:  return true is job is disabled successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  create directory with the given folders .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns a path to the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  retrieve all attachment records .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  retrieve   substitute
truth:  retrieve   records

test:  calculate the xydist .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns list of shared document .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  if count_str is not none .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  clean   stores
truth:  clean   name

test:  return the result of the view with the specified value .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  build   usage_key_string
truth:  build   view

test:  check if page is available for writing available .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  checks   advance
truth:  checks   title

test:  copy a degree of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  a decorator for timing auth auth .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  pulls   unload
truth:  pulls   client

test:  set virt only for shell usage .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  default   deserialized
truth:  default   bridge

test:  retrieves all variables required to support code .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  return   storing
truth:  return   template

test:  make a class of pairs .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  move   backs
truth:  move   mean

test:  compute the inverse of the distance matrix .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   xor
truth:  compute   scale

test:  check that the frequency reference to a tensor .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  evaluates   flattens
truth:  evaluates   output

test:  fetches a list of all configured keypair for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  registers a function or method .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  inject any existing deploy commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  called   authorizes
truth:  called   command

test:  returns a list of pdb .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  display the commonfooter .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  returns   sampled
truth:  returns   footer

test:  copy the source file and return a target dict .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   crowding
truth:  copy   docstring

test:  check that parsing gives a redundant document .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   failing
truth:  updates   style

test:  returns a dictionary containing the titles and compound_statement titles .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  read   aristas
truth:  read   titles

test:  returns if the value is a valid string .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  find the points of a sympy expression .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  find   returned
truth:  find   numbers

test:  returns a mapping containing all of the instances in the provided file .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  encode a number into an integer with the given number of bytes .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   reviewing
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a new user to a domain with a user .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  returns the signature signature for the given fused string .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  called after building a site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  determines the examples .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  compute the similarity similarity of two strings .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  return a normal range based on the given range .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $state_path .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns a pcap for the given name of the new vm cli example: .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  return   igor
truth:  return   device

test:  show csv for each section in the course .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals with objects .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   confirmed
truth:  skip   length

test:  callback for the :py:class:optionparser to json .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   aliased
truth:  callback   json

test:  return a list of all table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  build navigation navigation item used for example in user/read_base .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   compressing
truth:  build   menu

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  clean the filename .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  github   disabling
truth:  github   filenames

test:  this is a function that ensures that the centre of the offsetboxes .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  surround   pulls
truth:  surround   null

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  test that mask is equal to the expected mask .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  asserts   blend
truth:  asserts   mask

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the pid for a process .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  validate the function interface .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  lookup   reported
truth:  lookup   function

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  load only on minions that have the win_iis module .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   supply
truth:  load   redis

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   inform
truth:  update   entry

test:  given a specific headers .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  multiply inputs by the inputs .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  simplify   configured
truth:  simplify   tree

test:  get a single indent of a text .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  return   optdict
truth:  return   lines

test:  converts a principal model definition to a l{iresponse} model .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  converts   autoreleased
truth:  converts   types

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  pulls   endpoint
truth:  pulls   divisor

test:  decrypts msgids .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  apply   prioritized
truth:  apply   messages

test:  validate an yet power definition against a comma-separated dict and a list of numbers .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  check   implementing
truth:  check   management

test:  get the number of callables that preserves the given callables .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   depending
truth:  run   callables

test:  if unread is according to bins .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  finds the smallest node in the tree .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  register a new license .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up masquerading optimizations .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  setup   deallocate
truth:  setup   worker

test:  compare two parts: version numbers .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   disallow
truth:  compare   identifiers

test:  returns an iterable over an iterable of values .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return a simple print node name .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  ensure an apache module is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  fixture which provides a keyconfig and register all the classes .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  create   alter
truth:  create   mock

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  like finite but returns all finite variables .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  regression test for url .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  include all consistency groups matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   singular
truth:  include   volumes

test:  test latitude validator .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  prepare a schema for a resource .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  register all jobs into the instance .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yields indices of the indices in indices .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  try to get a codegen or return it if the codegen is not none .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a configuration .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  config   contructs
truth:  config   sample

test:  load a private key from a db .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert an integer to a timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  factorial of kth .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests retrieving the retrieved retrieved from the api .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  given a program for a specific class .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  checks facet name is not too long and matches facet names .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  return a tracebacks constructed algorithm .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  stop a function container container id .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  toggle control register data strobe bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  compute a unique hash for a given string of secret .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  computes   orthoganlize
truth:  computes   hash

test:  this decorator takes an attribute of a ipvsadm method and applies them to a string .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  create   decompressed
truth:  create   proxies

test:  merge a value using a file .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  update   shared
truth:  update   string

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   creating
truth:  create   transfer

test:  answers to the django form .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  flatten a list of lists into chunks of size for each item .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  create an dataset for a set of floats .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  returns a list from a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  make sure setv cant compile invalid setv .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   asarray
truth:  ensure   cases

test:  returns a trace dict for a component of a component .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  compute connectivity from a file compute .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  register the github activity .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return an some data in a dict .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  test fitness .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  utility function to make a new tag .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a function that check the most recent versions of the function .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  change the login class for a given change .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  log   entries
truth:  log   review

test:  convert a message protobuf to a message .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  find a match match for a given pattern .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  clear the cache .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  clears   history

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   suggest
truth:  delete   folder

test:  returns the atlas of the graph .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  adds variable to the variable .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   spawns
truth:  add   endpoint

test:  sometimes we can add gray-scale used with content-type .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  loads a python libzmq file from the libzmq .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  display the current database version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  print   deconvolves
truth:  print   level

test:  reshape whether two floats are equal .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert textfile using the order specified by dev_path into a single step .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  vectorize   labeled
truth:  vectorize   file

test:  perform a sigmoid criterion for maxima samples parameters count : variable b: the maxima of the rejection .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the number of positive cases of a univariate coefficient .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  create a new rpc for use in configuring .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  signs   question
truth:  signs   blob

test:  checks if a user is assigned to the root change .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  return the status from a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  return a mag/grad list of the lines seems to ith the first line up the second operator .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  view to remove a given report for a given field .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  remove   hits
truth:  remove   filter

test:  bitcast a 32-bit into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   making
truth:  bitcast   float

test:  return true if the provided server is an open request and port .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  update the config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return a list of 4-byte frames that are up to a number of events .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  make a test case for every test case which can connect .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  print the data for a base formatted application .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  low-level implementation of hermite polynomials .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  define the same type .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  make   teardown
truth:  make   type

test:  change the users room cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  prompt a node .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  change   exposes
truth:  change   values

test:  test that sampclient can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  build a wtforms value from a given file .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  describe   bench
truth:  describe   value

test:  globals() globals() .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  perform   roundrobin
truth:  perform   application

test:  store an selinux bank data .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  bounding box .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  does the host were adding an email address to its component .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  adds a package to the pkgs package .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   downloading
truth:  add   package

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  release an appropriate request type wrap .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  build aws configuration arguments .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  check if a given name is a uri .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  only load this module if pygithub is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  builds a dictionary with the given options and ensures that each input variables will be stored in the current unconstrained class .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  decode using base64 api only .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  set up the local sensor .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return memory_map information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  builds the display spec for the given spec .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  convert   representing
truth:  convert   specification

test:  find the configuration file with the given notepad configuration .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  roll back any ongoing transactions and clean the transaction management state of the connection .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   trailing
truth:  resets   flag

test:  convert classified text to python default .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  test plot of snr .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  context manager to change sys .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  try to parse an image from a url into a python file .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  attempts   indicating
truth:  attempts   images

test:  starts a vm by using the virtual machines on a system .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  let   appending
truth:  let   thing

test:  takes an object or a datetime and returns a timestamp .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  update a child backend config .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   enqueued
truth:  load   po

test:  convert a iso8601 datetime into a :py:class:datetime .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create process running inside subprocess .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  decorator for view specific variables to vec 4 .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  removes the content paths from the db .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  pulls   inputted
truth:  pulls   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud dns .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  parse an http blob info file and return parsed from the upload .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  retrieve manifest manifest from repository manifest .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return a matrix or random code if it does not support .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  transform   batch
truth:  transform   code

test:  extracts the arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   dtype
truth:  extracts   arg

test:  regression test for #1760 .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  set the power status .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  request   logout
truth:  request   change

test:  load the path_info .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  encode the global stratifiedvalidationkfold sequence .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  create the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  builds an virtual-hosting .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given a string of .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   sums
truth:  convert   expression

test:  returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  returns   thrusting
truth:  returns   space

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return pants version .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  use numeric files to flipwritable .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  flip   pulls
truth:  flip   null

test:  return the actual dev of just about any dev :return: basename of just about the dev device .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  merge config .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  read the settings from a command file for each year .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  enter   temperature
truth:  enter   date

test:  returns a slug on a name which is unique within a models table .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  extract all additional parameters from given query and return them in a dictionary of additional parameters .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  strip   backup
truth:  strip   properties

test:  create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  fixture which provides a enterprise .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  configure   access
truth:  configure   url

test:  a wrapper for the xml string .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  avoid   ssl
truth:  avoid   errors

test:  extract token information from request proper response .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  returns a copy of a l{dict} entry from a list of numbers .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  pulls   settings
truth:  pulls   wcs

test:  renders the given template string as callable .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   interfacing
truth:  make   axes

test:  form for bits in a given order .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  recursively iterate over s3 .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  iterator   constant_expression_opt
truth:  iterator   iterables

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy shed .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  calculates a check on the salt network .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  return the geometric b for a b-spline such that a geometric = arg [c] .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  render a template form for a basket form .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  solve the inequality function .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  test performance of saturation function .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  wrap an iterable over the errback graph .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  attempts to parse the yaml table format and writes it to a yaml formatted string .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  generate transcript requests for a requests .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  returns   widgets
truth:  returns   responses

test:  returns a dict of information for each of its data .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  generic mode setting no mode .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return true if *uri* is a valid uri .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test pip wheel fail fail if pip wheel differs of wheels .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  create a valid input file object from a google cloud storage .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a replacement script .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  returns the provided document .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  ensure that the named user is present in the running users name the users files and the amqp .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  get the file names of the file paths .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  transform data to a dictionary of fields and return response .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  put   enhanced
truth:  put   object

test:  returns the index of the maximum value along an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  normalizes   providing
truth:  normalizes   tensor

test:  check if an object points to the same memory address than another object: .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a scenario string with tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function returns a list of "remainder from a list of edges .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  reads   multivariate
truth:  reads   blocks

test:  turns a string that contains no multiple groups in a reverse order by file_list .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  show in list of pages .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  -   decoding
truth:  -   lists

test:  returns list of overall summary for an exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  fetches   rules
truth:  fetches   ratings

test:  return a list of available compression methods along the given node .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  object a list of followers of an object .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  waits for a show client to reach qos operation .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  folder for static pages edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  pulls   outputs
truth:  pulls   pages

test:  removes a debug function from input .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  returns the size of the dev size .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a tuple of servers or one of the units and checker moments .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  get   throttle
truth:  get   unit

test:  list all projects available .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  lists   determine
truth:  lists   projects

test:  destroy a firewall rule or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  delete   unescapes
truth:  delete   rule

test:  test fit a wrong estimator .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a text3d .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return whether or not a package is installed .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  install an arbitrary python app .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  install   solve
truth:  install   settings

test:  stringify the config size of type config .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  get level files in the current buildenv cwd the path to the mercurial repository or cwd .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  define a descriptor .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  encode a utf-8 string or unicode instance .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  return   rc4
truth:  return   utf8

test:  setup sphinx extension .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  required   stays
truth:  required   sphinx

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check if variable is valid .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  check   newlines
truth:  check   dimensions

test:  return true iff the limit for which limit are present .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  usage   compose
truth:  usage   usage

test:  javascript scaling of a distance matrix .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  backwards compatibility for enumerate that tries to be rewritten in a color cycle .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  returns a traceback of for completely completely saved frame .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  it should extract the tables from the tables .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  get the file name of a file without the file .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  provides the binary number of binary bits in a similar integer .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  remove a sentence from a list of word indices .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   tend
truth:  returns   chunk

test:  generate a pack .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns a full parser .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  setup the itunes sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  zmq a google formated random string .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return the pid of a random pid file .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  try   snaps
truth:  try   pid

test:  return the path to the appropriate output file .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  pulls   fixes
truth:  pulls   manager

test:  insert a esxi column in the output of the ssh server .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   hitting
truth:  return   cassandra

test:  build a url from the label .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  set up the fast alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  release a module-level lock represented by a pending logical lock .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   deconvolves
truth:  release   level

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  associate project with key network_id .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   killed
truth:  associate   network

test:  renders a accordion page that contains a replication date .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  system information type 17 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  remove a virtualenv .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   fail
truth:  remove   virtualenv

test:  set the attribute of the object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load data in network .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get manifest by package name .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backend requests loaded data cache .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   prioritized
truth:  sets   messages

test:  look up the date for the closest date .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  function   temperature
truth:  function   date

test:  returns the courses and inline children of the course .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  pulls   titlified
truth:  pulls   discussion

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  return an iterable over the yadis for the given document in the yadis document .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  returns layers for a project .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  a filename .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  loads the module .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   downloading
truth:  load   package

test:  fetch an image from the wagtailimages_image_model layout .
truth: grab image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  check that the ports of a dpid is still changed .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  bounce traffic server on the cluster .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   increase
truth:  bounce   nodes

test:  undo the buffer .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  undo   pulls
truth:  undo   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  create and return a query instance .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  returns a dict of superset of the superset file .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  read   debugging
truth:  read   dataset

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  alternative implementation of a and heights function .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  calculate   unshares
truth:  calculate   density

test:  keys keys when deprecated will be deprecated .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return a number of initial sinusoidal .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  return   roots

test:  set the retcode bit on the device cli example: .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   batch
truth:  set   code

test:  produce extension with rectangular extensions for rectangular extensions .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   pulls
truth:  produce   null

test:  formats a memory setting as a multiplier .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  parse   store
truth:  parse   memory

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  test quantity for valid representation .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  check the virtual service on the computenode service .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  given a {0 value .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  to be performed on the virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   stderr
truth:  allocates   machine

test:  forcibly get unicode string .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the value for a key in a root of a function .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a synchronized shared array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  works like :func:has_request_context but for the current request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  create a grid of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   flattens
truth:  turns   output

test:  returns an iterable of file names in a given username .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  ssh   listen
truth:  ssh   key

test:  fetch a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  define checking for handling types .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  pulls   mongodb
truth:  pulls   scenarios

test:  invalidate the windowing figure and every component of a pylab .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  pulls   accessing
truth:  pulls   performance

test:  return the items in the environ environment .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  recursively collects a list of files in the given directory and strip the level .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   specified
truth:  returns   fingerprint

test:  decorator for test class .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  computes a k[x] polynomial of f from a univariate polynomial in k[x] .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  include   imposes
truth:  include   f

test:  return a list of the names from the list or names .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  converts raw term into a tuple .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of images that are on the provider .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  correction factor for variance with unequal correlation matrix this is just a child process parameters ar : array_like the number of observations for each process for each state and standard
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  setup the correct gui .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  needs   guvectorize
truth:  needs   oauth

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return an ssh connection by the given connection .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the style style of the parameters .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  use   solve
truth:  use   settings

test:  return the size of a specific vm .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  feature should apply scenarios to a feature .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  returns a list of all no_input=true .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  usage: {{ user for permission .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  tell a hexidecimal code .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a block string and a file bitmap .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the parameters appearing : python object to be executed .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  cache   thread
truth:  cache   zipfile

test:  compute loss function .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  compute the caching of a kernel kernel .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  set the user module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   setting
truth:  runs   systems

test:  get all the volumes inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  pulls   signs
truth:  pulls   display

test:  monte carlo sample for one open sample process parameters distr : array_like .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  run   reports
truth:  run   estimation

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  return the default float type .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   disconnects
truth:  return   dir

test:  test the tukeylambda .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   alteration
truth:  test   lambda

test:  load a getlines .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  get   optdict
truth:  get   lines

test:  a helper for defining or string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set new video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   labeled
truth:  set   file

test:  build the base p4 of a cached operator .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  invoke   pulls
truth:  invoke   null

test:  helper function to convert seconds to cpu .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  returns a class name for the given class name .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  import and return the module to be tested .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  cossim distance metric .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  return   itersubclasses
truth:  return   similarity

test:  set up & run a publisher to render input data .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  reimplementation of a file .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  tests that system folders without flags can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  return text with elementtree decimals; and text .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  default vv(x) .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  provides   code
truth:  provides   logger

test:  send notification email .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  renders   equalize
truth:  renders   email

test:  return text representation of a python version .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  ensure that a process is set to the named value .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  verifies   dies
truth:  verifies   selinux

test:  return a dict of data .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  convert a dictionary of categories to a kwa .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  copy a directory and all stat .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  make   resample
truth:  make   directories

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  computes the jacard for a and b .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  return   coefficient

test:  set the learning phase for the provided value .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   dispatches
truth:  sets   learning

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  encode a string or unicode representation of json serialization .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  serialize   hover
truth:  serialize   bytes

test:  return clean up .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  ensure   step
truth:  ensure   names

test:  load a volume_type string from an asn1_integer .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  creates a resource provider provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  post   negate
truth:  post   resource

test:  generates an unique query string from an stdout .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  index of array elements over a given interval .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  initialize   transliterate
truth:  initialize   variable

test:  find a .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  remove a file created from the file .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  simulate a function that returns memory usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  returns a string with the specified items .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  transform   gauss
truth:  transform   strings

test:  returns the content as a unicode string from the file system .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  set the temporary directory .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  blend of cpus .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  creates   forwards
truth:  creates   image

test:  return a new rc2 cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   certificate
truth:  is   optimization

test:  return a printed output of func() .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  capture   overlay
truth:  capture   func

test:  yaml: pathignore pathignore requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:custom robj .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the current colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  return   gather
truth:  return   colormap

test:  create a message for testing purposes .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  start   github
truth:  start   frame

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  create the path to the docs environment variables .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  setup   constrained
truth:  setup   functions

test:  return a tuple .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  collects the descendants for this function based on id .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  fetch a query object .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  pull   pandas
truth:  pull   columns

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  format a calendar timestamp to decimal according to the rules in decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restart all users cli example: .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   subtract
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  access to the form of a bcp .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  build   bounds
truth:  build   table

test:  extract the contents of a file .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   populating
truth:  copy   info

test:  extract information from page where translation has the same names as the translation for consistency .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  returns a handle to the --config canvas .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  short   capturing
truth:  short   error

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  verify admin values according to target .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  the column as a column .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  matches against all matches of the given pattern .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  provides a message .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  tries to accept rules .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the average slow of a directed graph .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  construct   descend
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json managed metric to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  pack the output of a duration header into a unique list of gate .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  pack   restoring
truth:  pack   data

test:  return true if the value is a valid git string .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  returns true if the provided size is valid .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  table plot .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns a new theano shape .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return a generator for a chunk of relationships using including memberships with a xml tree .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  post   restoring
truth:  post   data

test:  create a figure and a matshow .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  display   restrict
truth:  display   array

test:  calculates the square of a each element of the input array .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  sums   simulating
truth:  sums   input

test:  helper method to get the votable environment variables in the votable votable .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish this module .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  publish   pulls
truth:  publish   null

test:  perf_counter_large_rawcount the md5 hash of the provided string .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  recursively walk a directory tree in a python directory tree .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  yields   init
truth:  yields   modules

test:  returns if x is a iterator .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  the the the file should not read only the percentiles .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  follow   labeled
truth:  follow   file

test:  return true if both symlinks and tries to find out if they are present in the given directory .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  get the attributes of a method or a dict .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  restart a docker container container id timeout : container id timeout : false cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  replace solutions in n_jobs with values in n_jobs .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  computes an encrypted authentication key and return its associated with a formatted string .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  try to return the formatted versions from the given parameters .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  build a map of inverse .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   guided
truth:  build   fasta

test:  given a country code .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  given   forms
truth:  given   result

test:  update or add resource xml from dll/exe file in dll/exe .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  helper function to search keys .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  search   supports
truth:  search   text

test:  remove sensitive arguments .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   paginates
truth:  clear   queues

test:  delete a proper calendar .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  delete   inserting
truth:  delete   calendar

test:  updates the opkg database cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  expanded calendar format from epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this decorator activates commit on the current thread .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  itemfield view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  register a node .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  display   post_save
truth:  display   metadata

test:  return a dict of all custom translation codes .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  cublas scaling of rows .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a new hash of a string of the given string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   orthoganlize
truth:  generates   hash

test:  pages to edit the file editor .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  edit   seconds
truth:  edit   editor

test:  returns an instance of the given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  get   monitor
truth:  get   compile

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  return cgroup controller which are used from kapacitor .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the growing network with redirection digraph with n nodes and redirection probability graph .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  returns the python encoding type .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  return a dictionary of the formatting of a list of validation values for the provided query .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets the service name to use .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  return a linear unit function .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   pushing
truth:  order   model

test:  parse a creation creation creation in printable form .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  creates a recordsensor network that allows us to specify a file record stream .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  returns a wsgi versioned id for the resource field .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  generate batches of batches batches .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  construct   parses
truth:  construct   batch

test:  check query to see if the query contains a partial word .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   optimized
truth:  debug   script

test:  wrapper around parser .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  supports   small_stmts
truth:  supports   line

test:  returns a milestone link for the specified course or commentserializer and the information about the users current user .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  write any site .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  setup   suggest
truth:  setup   folder

test:  returns a dict representing the value of a given model object .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  to create a new request for the application .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get the number of bytes required to hold a specific long number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  stub for fast .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  get   boot
truth:  get   dot

test:  validates that a value is not a valid type for option .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  fixes the attribute names of the model .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  converts   flow
truth:  converts   fields

test:  gets a list of items from the given package id .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  validate a cacheable pattern string back to the given offset .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  search   bench
truth:  search   value

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  imports imports of a binary file .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  load   exposes
truth:  load   values

test:  returns true if the given regex matches regex .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  filter   config
truth:  filter   patterns

test:  return running tuple of r2 .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  create principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  pulls   indicate
truth:  pulls   polynomial

test:  return true if the application is available on the current machine .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  specifies   optimized
truth:  specifies   script

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  create a new tables in the database table .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   shutdown
truth:  create   tables

test:  make a new room .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if text token is a pkiz pkiz .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  determine   scop
truth:  determine   token

test:  view to report over a list of matching contents .
truth: display the report . 
test:  display   fragment
truth:  display   report

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys in a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  eliminates   unescaped
truth:  eliminates   entries

test:  mangle the mako loop of a loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  converts   chown
truth:  converts   loop

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   takes
truth:  parse   stream

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   currents
truth:  prepare   state

test:  internal helper to merge video note: if it is in a video .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  merges   sets
truth:  merges   video

test:  this function is called by the portal as a no-op .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  visit a specific string to a member .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  return   destroy
truth:  return   dtype

test:  parse command-line and add new derivation .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parse   spawn
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse rfc2617 http header .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  wrapper that automatically run a function inside a parsed command .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  internal routine to make sure the source is loaded and is not a no-op .
truth: helper function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  javascript javascript attributes as a javascript file .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  add   outputs
truth:  add   pages

test:  returns elapsed ip .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  create   export
truth:  create   tuple

test:  function to compute the natural b-spline function for a given distribution .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  whiten a pinging covariance matrix from bases .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  normalize   rising
truth:  normalize   group

test:  check if an header is in the header .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the saved service instance from the device .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   mimic
truth:  get   stub

test:  enforces that the user is logged in .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  returns a list of the custom table sql statements for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  map the status of a vm from the compute vm cli example: .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  map   point
truth:  map   status

test:  provides the entire path to the locale in the current language .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  returns the proxy modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  get the profiles directory for the project .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  alias for read_local: reads cache using pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  uses   eliminating
truth:  uses   cache

test:  return content from a given node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  converts   looping
truth:  converts   node

test:  convert a param or unicode string to the given ascii matrices .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove all user data from all deactivated link .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  deactivate   pulls
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  return a set containing values of a querydict array .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  strips the microseconds from a timedelta .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  strips   matching
truth:  strips   timedelta

test:  extracts the versions of the line from the line .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  extracts   extract
truth:  extracts   version

test:  for a connectivity connectivity .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  verify   unmap
truth:  verify   descriptors

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   known
truth:  function   utc

test:  set the depth for the grid of a options .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   input_bytes
truth:  set   installation

test:  creates a new nesting with the same configuration as the low .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  register a mapping of notebook instance storage .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  identify   search
truth:  identify   d

test:  remove the test branch .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  perform   unroll
truth:  perform   steps

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   optdict
truth:  limit   lines

test:  make sure a string is a byte string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  this is called before the connection is a callback function .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by millisecond .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  stop a specific domain cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  return an object with permission-checking permission-checking .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list the function distributed versions of the given function .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  return a list of renderers for all renderers specified in the specified salt .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  extract key info from the key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  translate   listen
truth:  translate   key

test:  returns the list of securitygroupname .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the preferred channels safe for work status .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   suggests
truth:  gets   timezone

test:  verifies that the x number of linked to a reference point .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  url   picks
truth:  url   reason

test:  generate a unique adapter adapter adapter with the markdown api .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  list cloud provider sizes .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   unmarshalling
truth:  list   sizes

test:  expands the stride and applies to the stride stride .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  borrowed -> int open the current terminal .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  get the current logical volume .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  initialize the module .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  enable   challengenes
truth:  enable   hooks

test:  a wrapper to run a command .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  run   protects
truth:  run   args

test:  ensures that the prior exists .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  print a value for the given key .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   review
truth:  prints   keys

test:  imports a module .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  common wrapper of integers and return it .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  returns whether the obj is iterable and not a string .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  when does not have a specific auth names .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config folder for this application .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a intersection of that that exist in g but not in g .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  removes the requested query from the path .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   resample
truth:  remove   directories

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  return local mode of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  adds a course invite for the course enrollment .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  append   disconnect
truth:  append   courses

test:  test that a table with normal input names provided a table plot .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns a list of all matches found in the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  connect to each common devices and we are marked as a lost .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  set   flattening
truth:  set   field

test:  return a new dtype of type to a recformat .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  return a dict describing all summary of the named service .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   vni
truth:  display   monit

test:  sets up auth enabled in the unit registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  adds   lstrip
truth:  adds   set

test:  runs the pip pip command with pip .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get the url of a url .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a base64 encoded string from a base64 encoded string .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  pulls   fills
truth:  pulls   base64

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  evaluate piecewise polynomial of square test .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  pulls   padded
truth:  pulls   evaluation

test:  initialize logger .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  init   chew
truth:  init   service

test:  test if any environment defines test files .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  clean   sleep
truth:  clean   files

test:  remove a function by passing into a single decorator .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  makes   sending
truth:  makes   uniform

test:  hook to show a warning to make a warning .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  hook   eventlet
truth:  hook   warning

test:  get the process from the python-ethtool .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  return the first child node .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  validate a single series of http header for all possible models .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  check   offset
truth:  check   parameters

test:  encodes string value from plain to utf-8 .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  encodes   bench
truth:  encodes   value

test:  create an arma process with corresponding position of the process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  outset the last message in an interactive manner .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  runs   roundrobin
truth:  runs   application

test:  get information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  delete   slave_open
truth:  delete   media

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  for historic documentspamattempt .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  revert   pulls
truth:  revert   null

test:  like sa .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  get a client from the environ service .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  exploit -> int calculates the native initial_difficulty dump .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  build   is_missing
truth:  build   hexadecimal

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   upgrade
truth:  download   poem

test:  returns a list of all available ['stdout'] .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  lists   reduced
truth:  lists   cli

test:  returns a fourier series in a fourier series .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   reveal
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  compute a mapping of unique matrix for a set of .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  build   cleaning
truth:  build   matrix

test:  parse a dictionary of the keys and converts it to a dictionary .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return inverse of indexes in a list .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  pulls   determines
truth:  pulls   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  compute the real matrix of a matrix .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  does basic token validation .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  split the args and arguments into a list of the words .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   utf-8
truth:  split   argument

test:  get the db line of the current machine .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  api: send a test to notification test .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get the current group class from the group group .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  usage: lx links .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieves information for opennebula .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract a list of files from a csr for a given toc .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  ensure   init
truth:  ensure   modules

test:  minimize a blaze expression .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  select   put
truth:  select   rules

test:  install a default iteration of backupinformation .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  import   colorized
truth:  import   context

test:  send an now report to a bulk email .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  send   fragment
truth:  send   report

test:  get all files in a given directory .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  elementwise linear-interpolation function .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  get   predict
truth:  get   divmod

test:  return the location of the additions additions .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  unmount   jitter
truth:  unmount   guest

test:  a multivariate spectral linear differential equations .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  returns   assembles
truth:  returns   coefficients

test:  convert x**n bytes of f in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  gets weekly dashboard stats for a given user .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  save   interpret
truth:  save   dashboard

test:  square dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   round
truth:  square   polynomials

test:  parses parameters of the given list of parameters .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   offset
truth:  parse   parameters

test:  polynomial exact pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  make   assembles
truth:  make   coefficients

test:  test download exit status code for download blank requirements file .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  test   batch
truth:  test   code

test:  return the geometric mean of each pixel .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  take   backs
truth:  take   mean

test:  checks if an datetime is a datetime .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  this is the comparison of an adapter adapter .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  gets rid of permanent whitespace from vispy/utils/tests/test_docstring_parameters .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode using base64 encoded string .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  using   fills
truth:  using   base64

test:  return a list of the email addresses found in format .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  a functions for functions that return a list of functions that are to memoize for .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  redirect to a learner .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  computes the simplex distance between two arrays .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  pulls   zoom
truth:  pulls   vectors

test:  initialize the module .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initializes   encapsulate
truth:  initializes   instance

test:  returns the full path for the installed alembic .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  logging a message about a elapsed logging .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  log   support
truth:  log   time

test:  assign a list of used in the given string .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  reset keyboard the database to a new the current step .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  running   binhexed
truth:  running   tests

test:  resolve an alias name into the given alias .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  rowfunc provides a function .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  compose   constrained
truth:  compose   functions

test:  gets info about all elasticache api keys .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  filters a list of elements by a given search .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   executed
truth:  filters   dictionary

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  perform a general inverse of label .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   permutates
truth:  apply   epochs

test:  calculates the mode of the coefficient .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  department controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the moment of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  normalize a locale .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  format   printing
truth:  format   locale

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   described
truth:  use   convolution

test:  return a list of season numbers that are indexing in an input chunk .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  return true if matplotlib version is installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  determine   loc<->coil_trans
truth:  determine   mpl

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet snippet the same way .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  craft a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  validates that the name is valid and can be validated .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  return a client object .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  simple function that returns the elementwise permutations of three numbers .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  return the distance matrix for two arrays .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  compare   collecting
truth:  compare   b

test:  return a simple http request data .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  make sure that the credentials are returned and is importable .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  get   instruments
truth:  get   keystone

test:  takes a datetime .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   supports
truth:  format   text

test:  remove a resource from the configuration file for the specified zone .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  note: must be holding the _lazylock .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  format a handler for an url that can be ignored by a relative url .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a message to a pushover channel .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  simple process the offers offers for the local table .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  produce   newlines
truth:  produce   dimensions

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  pulls   demonstrate
truth:  pulls   motif

test:  always set the loggers .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  insert insert data into database .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  insert   usage
truth:  insert   rows

test:  run markdown level .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  begins   sleep
truth:  begins   files

test:  setup the telldus component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by text .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  adds   supports
truth:  adds   text

test:  return a groups activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   lbrace
truth:  return   activity

test:  return a list of vertex file names from a list of vertex .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   switch
truth:  read   list

test:  returns the path to a directory .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  get   intialize
truth:  get   root

test:  truncate text to the beginning of the string .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  truncate   contructs
truth:  truncate   sample

test:  removes files needed .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  run markdown options from a file .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set current system keyboard setting cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  return a dict of environment variables .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  the whisper method for logging that will be placed in different bits .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  obfuscate   pulls
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  write a command console to a file .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  return a list of the available volumes cli example: .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  download an object from a file .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   prepopulates
truth:  outputs   bits

test:  return variance mapping from a set of variance values .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  calculate   read
truth:  calculate   variance

test:  confusion matrix safe a confusion matrix .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  computes   cleaning
truth:  computes   matrix

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a current uuid .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  loglike multivariate normal information criterion parameters x : float estimate of the residual variance .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  a scenario outline -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  images - filters - targets - returns the images filters .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  -   insert
truth:  -   targets

test:  create a pool from a dictionary .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  setup the function configuration .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  setup   currents
truth:  setup   state

test:  upload a file to the bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  fixture to send a manage .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  returns compressed kmz from compressed .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  key for change of a value that contains the format of the users key .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  pulls   commit
truth:  pulls   repository

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a local ip address for the given target .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  return tree list .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  turn   sums
truth:  turn   expression

test:  loads the provided *plugins and returns a list of trees .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  with some error message .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  find   login_required
truth:  find   removal

test:  read ssh data output .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  a decorator to declare a function to not already exist .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  have   safe_octal
truth:  have   class

test:  test for commutativity .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns the integer value of a string encoded integer when n > 0 .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   reduced
truth:  assert   cli

test:  a number of leniency .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  write the current hash to a file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  check if a continuous query exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  check   xlsx
truth:  check   query

test:  returns a dictionary with information about the given mailchimp .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  endpoint   disassociate
truth:  endpoint   webhook

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  compare two matrices by one function .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  draws   pulls
truth:  draws   null

test:  return a rate of for the current user .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return all metadata for a course and merge the request .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  list the installed versions of pyenv .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  get all file names matching a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  show and return a list of network interface buffer cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  preprocess a binary image array .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  calls subprocess_popen and saves the output to the provided path .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  a version of os .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  process the docstring for the given source code .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  extracts   safe_octal
truth:  extracts   class

test:  load a message from vcenter parameter .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  loads   chew
truth:  loads   service

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata or a header key .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  tests   listen
truth:  tests   key

test:  with mixin_cols values that also runs the columns of the columns of the source .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  fixture   lstrip
truth:  fixture   set

test:  return a new assist object for the given project .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  return   unset
truth:  return   completions

test:  returns the high game as a game .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  create the new instance group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  maps our value to a dictionary or values .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  looks to see if features is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  when a list of files in an existing directory .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  add   resample
truth:  add   directories

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  extract   receives
truth:  extract   port

test:  determine if the point is at least the last .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  resolve all filtering/annotating by anno in the task starting at the given task .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  resolve   doing
truth:  resolve   annotations

test:  returns a friendly template string .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  default   nose
truth:  default   prefix

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  return a dictionary mapping from a value} .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  transforms   enhanced
truth:  transforms   object

test:  given a key .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  determine if the argument is a cholesky .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  returns   grants
truth:  returns   decomposition

test:  verifies that all available location is valid .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   capture
truth:  bitcast   bit

test:  read ros handshake header header .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  test that the logout file is completely triggered .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  test   spawns
truth:  test   endpoint

test:  try to split the primary code at the given position .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  default data type .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns true if xpath contains xpath or false .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  ascii   reported
truth:  ascii   function

test:  get http data extracted from http response .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  merge 2 dicts into a single dictionary d1 .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   exposes
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute display a link for a different page .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  given   looping
truth:  given   node

test:  encodes a string for inclusion in a url .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns a dictionary mapping from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  deletes entities in the entities and collate them .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  deletes   support
truth:  deletes   time

test:  initialize the console logging for fetching .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  build a breadth-first for python lexer .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a string with all values of a given value .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  serialize   accepting
truth:  serialize   e

test:  get a return the return the appropriate type of trans .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  parse the given xml input and convert it into a human readable separator .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  delete that $home file with the gradient contains .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  sets   serializing
truth:  sets   setting

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  deletes all sans .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  return a list of zero-crossings and a full path to all the user files .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  tests that seed and see if the same results in same way .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  the main startup of the microsites function .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  prepare   solve
truth:  prepare   settings

test:  restful crud controller for the asset controller - used restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the shortcut with the anything value .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  returns   permutes
truth:  returns   shortcut

test:  return the url and elementwise elementwise as a matrix .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  extract   nose
truth:  extract   prefix

test:  gets the authenticated user and authentication of an auth .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  get all volumes for a specific volume type .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return theres theres theres as a dict .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  test a scaled scale mapping within a standard convolution .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  check   pandas
truth:  check   columns

test:  return the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  train a model and returns a dict of data .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  loads   offset
truth:  loads   parameters

test:  wait as a function to be updated with syncing .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets html representation of stashed .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  extract   digs
truth:  extract   html

test:  helper method for taking sample audit .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  avoid literal url .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  extract options from mentions in a list of column names .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  find   borrowed
truth:  find   instances

test:  computes the kth backoff for an initial backoff .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   turn
truth:  run   case

test:  finds out child nodes with whats coordinates in k[x] .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a bug without a line .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  loads the android .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns the items of the l in shuffled order .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  return   patches
truth:  return   permutations

test:  gets the root denom of a matrix .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list of the file tree of given kind .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  find   configured
truth:  find   tree

test:  find the cover object for a container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   pass
truth:  find   document

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  compile matcher matches a regular expression in regex .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  sets the current api version .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  returns a list of all the package directories .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  calculate the digit for a validation function .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  calculates   httperror
truth:  calculates   digit

test:  return a variable from a proper variable .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  compute executive may be students for a course and upload the csv for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   saml_artifact
truth:  compute   students

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   bench
truth:  centers   value

test:  compares the comparison of [1]_ .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  enumerates   crops
truth:  enumerates   partitions

test:  destroy a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   safe_octal
truth:  destroy   class

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  save a soft instance to instance after a new system .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   attacked
truth:  save   stats

test:  execute a command and register it .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get a document and fallback it .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  attempt   pass
truth:  attempt   document

test:  try to determine if a file is a magic python executable .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  removes a status code from a cherrypy header dict .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  adds nodes to nodes in the graph nodes .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  patches   looping
truth:  patches   node

test:  returns an e-mail .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  make predictions on prediction of single 30 .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  measure   ensure
truth:  measure   prediction

test:  waits for the given handle to be published or its exit if its possible .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  returns a latest slug for the given namespace .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  pulls   makes
truth:  pulls   namespaces

test:  validates a response against a transactions .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  compute the log likelihood logistic function inplace .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  web2py text to make possible to (these it usable in a custom public key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  encrypt   drop
truth:  encrypt   ssh

test:  fixture that simulates the test as successfully .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  messaging inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  received   bring
truth:  received   page

test:  a signal function that accepts a permission to the permission object .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns false if graphs are isomorphic isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   close
truth:  returns   graphs

test:  converts an xml string from the xml definition .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if a particular cache is available .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  check if a process with the given backend exists .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  uninstall an image by its flocker process .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  define a issubclass .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  get   fetches
truth:  get   parent

test:  make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   counter
truth:  make   thumbnail

test:  make sure the gpu dimension is exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  convert a dictionary to a naive naive .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  convert a given string to a native string .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  transform   hover
truth:  transform   bytes

test:  computes the sqeuclidean dot product of two n-d .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  given the path .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if aggregate is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates the context of a user in a given course .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  updates   populating
truth:  updates   info

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a path .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   pulls
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  require english test project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   forgot
truth:  require   project

test:  moves state in state to the console .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return a list of all file results in the provided file .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  show the list of main characters in the user .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  pulls   rotate
truth:  pulls   loading

test:  add a legacy fulltheme to the given category .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  themes   pulls
truth:  themes   null

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return true if the file contains a file in its file .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  determines   wanted
truth:  determines   filename

test:  reads html data from a hash and returns it .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   restoring
truth:  reads   data

test:  return true if *obj* is a type .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  bind parameters into parameters dict .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the identity nodes in the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  flow_stmt : small_stmts newline | small_stmts semicolon newline .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  send an score to all the feature-sign update .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  get the number of unique values .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  predicate to inclusive a energy of lists for each node in seq .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  encode cert as jose base-64 der .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   producing
truth:  encode   certificate

test:  expand the first set of a certificate aliases into a page .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  given   orders
truth:  given   alias

test:  returns if there is a list of tuples of the resources plugin .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  compute the sigmoid cross entropy function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  set the path of the settings .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  is there a no-op .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  get a specific sm flavor flavors .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   detach
truth:  get   flavor

test:  only return if all the modules are available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute != the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   pulls
truth:  attr_gt   null

test:  function to return the right template for the given series .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  function   target_expressing
truth:  function   question

test:  checks if a package is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - immediately around parentheses .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  x is the index of x and principal .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  half secrets .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  make   shed
truth:  make   exception

test:  connect to amazon connection pool :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  test riak .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  import a module as deprecated .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load authentication from given file .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  load   pass
truth:  load   document

test:  escape a string of characters of a boolean .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  change the current upgradable command .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dictionary of file that have been downloaded in the minion saltenv : the path to the files cached .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  given a dict of fields .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  add   bounds
truth:  add   table

test:  send an email to a provided recipient .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  alter   colorized
truth:  alter   context

test:  factorize a fill: into a flat by iterables .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  this is a pickleable rpm string or nsga-ii binary version .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the interactive status code .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  create a dataframe .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  download   embedded
truth:  download   example

test:  returns true if the given node is a tuple .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  does   looping
truth:  does   node

test:  remove a task from available .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  get the unique index .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return true if the given flags is an update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  a representation of the tsv file .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   iterates
truth:  flags   comment

test:  execute a command in hadoop modules .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  command   limiting
truth:  command   order

test:  loglikelihood of the frame .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  return path to the widget settings .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  perform deseq2 negative binomial wald differential abundance test on the drops stretching .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  computes the manhattan distances between x and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  returns the requested or superlative cli example: .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  regression test for #5336 .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  this is a compatibility function that can be converted to a python equivalent .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  return a lc_messages oid for the given oid .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return shape of the shape of the tensor labels .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  pads   redefine
truth:  pads   slices

test:  add dummy summary of a summary line .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  write   import
truth:  write   summary

test:  determine if the gcode is a gcode file or if the gcode text .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  a decorator for asynchronous generators .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  akismet akismet akismet .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  checks   preload
truth:  checks   content

test:  turns the repository into a fully-qualified dict .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  convert an image and rois within that rois into network inputs .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  converts   figure
truth:  converts   inputs

test:  perform a function for an predicate .
truth: like common . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  callback for change of an instance .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  ensure the named launch configuration was deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   freezing
truth:  ensure   configuration

test:  a decorator for saving into an entry .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  generates   decrease
truth:  generates   action

test:  test that table with groups of exponents and groups are groups of columns with unordered .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  use   urlencode
truth:  use   item

test:  make sure we find numbers of exponents and barycentric at the end of the given string .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a function that has been replaced with the given cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  work   thinks
truth:  work   issue

test:  default view for handling cookies .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse the log options .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  parses   define
truth:  parses   path

test:  send email notifications .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  adds one or more note that we can connect to firebase .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  adds   unquote
truth:  adds   note

test:  julian calendar date for julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  updates a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   unleash
truth:  updates   store

test:  get vector3 loop from vector3 loop .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  converts a string to a native string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  solves the general quadratic quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get a resource type .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   preprocessed
truth:  get   resource_type

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   filesize
truth:  returns   derivative

test:  return true if the title or is an url or is deprecated .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  given an ordered string of correct strings .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  get   catch
truth:  get   course

test:  return a new tenant tenant if the tenant already exists .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  convert an internal id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  sends a private notification to the sanitized one element .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  parses a network details and returns a tuple of .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a tuple of .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   labeled
truth:  unregister   file

test:  test template validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  pull a resource type from a function/callable .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  remove the given directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns: a path name of a socket file .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   disconnects
truth:  normalize   dir

test:  return a dict of hosts that key should be hosts based on info and the current test .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  gets   preloading
truth:  gets   host

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   receives
truth:  create   port

test:  get the inset from the loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   pulls
truth:  deserialize   null

test:  switch frappe to branch .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  switch   plot
truth:  switch   apps

test:  stringify a running system .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  send an specified delete request for the specified object .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  return true if the given class is a valid byte .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  display denied .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  farness test for sorting .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  sum   landing
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the file paths of a file recursively in a directory of the file .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  return true if graph g is distance .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  example of a lazy .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed_ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  decorator for skipping that calls func .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  pulls   tracks
truth:  pulls   urls

test:  create a new verified of the given text .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  takes a single geometric transform and returns a new geometric dict with padded data for each geometric mapping .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  check to see if a key exists .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  allows a new user to rename a transcripts page .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  helper function to kpatch global request .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  patch   enhanced
truth:  patch   object

test:  set a key/value pair in the etcd service .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  creates a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   overrides
truth:  create   channel

test:  the default turn .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  cleanup   induce
truth:  cleanup   testing

test:  retrieve fixed ip for a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  concatenate a set of instances via docstring from a docstring array .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test that we can connect to the gl backend .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  return a set of sequences of the generated pprint .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  generate   sequences

test:  initialize git plugins .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  clear   concatenated
truth:  clear   pillar

test:  yields a unique acl that resets its acl .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   enters
truth:  yields   bucket

test:  convert an integer to a "coordinate .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   operate
truth:  converts   h

test:  iterate over all file names and return .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  yield   unpatch
truth:  yield   matching

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  convert disk traces into network .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  creates a directory on the filesystem .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   disconnects
truth:  creates   dir

test:  paste middleware .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  wraps   roundrobin
truth:  wraps   application

test:  process a salt-minion element .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   coupling
truth:  process   target

test:  returns a list of all user notifications up by iterating .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  load an object by name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  decorator for a function that automatically ignores the alphabetically .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  only load this module if pymongo is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  list datastores available to the user and the user .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  calls the astroid function .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  creates a tuple of for all of the strings in sequence .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   increments
truth:  returns   pep

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  test that "stereo_motorcycle" image can be loaded .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  =   preserve
truth:  =   int

test:  compute the sum of samples for a volume .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  convert a dictionary to a list of attributes .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  runs flask dev web server .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  compute the grade grade determinant of the network .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  school types: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create listeners listeners on initial k8s .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   registered
truth:  create   elb

test:  for the file filename in the directory containing a filename in the path .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  create   tokenizing
truth:  create   filepath

test:  test discrete lyapunov function .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  check that when a string is changed .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a decorator that been added in a function and give the about tasklet .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  resumes a popen shell by you want to popen .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the version of the project .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  wait for the element to be either clickable or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   uncheck
truth:  wait   element

test:  clears the regular expression .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clears   encrypt
truth:  clears   screen

test:  coerces a terminate .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  writes an input file to a sequence of doctypes .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  verify that python interpreter correctly in python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  start all scan_profile for a certain cluster .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  refresh   pulls
truth:  refresh   null

test:  avoid extraneous extractor with the required extractor .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif vif .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  resolve an mro to all subclasses of a given model .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the configuration options .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  url-encodes all characters in a given payload tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  converts   flashes
truth:  converts   characters

test:  warn if all targets contained in the targets .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  prints   eventlet
truth:  prints   warning

test:  return a share representation of a :class:figure service .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  line-separated line-separated line ending in grep format from the input .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  called   dos
truth:  called   search

test:  remove all process items matching root .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the proxy device if not cached already exists .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  returns an unused port on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  return a dict consisting of the provided dict .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  makes   simulating
truth:  makes   input

test:  split the given path into .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  make a direct client .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  breadth a value .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  helper method to retrieve all fields for a resource .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  find the expression .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  start the home assistant server .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   encapsulate
truth:  start   instance

test:  return the list of all *locale codes for a given closest .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  get a migration of the current migration .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  test rechunking can be done as a 2d numpy array .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns a pair of keys that can be passed in a given prefix .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs notification service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  replaces instances like limit m .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  populate a dummy object instance .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  pickled   mounts
truth:  pickled   objects

test:  digitizer a wsgi server .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  test heterogeneous .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  setup the sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  setup   fitnesse
truth:  setup   events

test:  returns the prefix for system metadata headers for given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  computes the unnormalized lower lower bound to the given probability density .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  computes the decorrelation decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a matrix from a numpy matrix .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  send an event object for a students event .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  emit   referenced
truth:  emit   bookmark

test:  test unicode titles by axes .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  verify   resorts
truth:  verify   python2

test:  return a xonfig prefix of the xonfig .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test reading all es modules .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  test   init
truth:  test   modules

test:  helper function for fake_cluster_orm .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parses   sparks
truth:  parses   number

test:  imports and returns a required error message from a module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  returns the theano value .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  searches python code for a list of python template names .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  returns true if p is a algebraic polynomial .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   added
truth:  return   p

test:  convert a url into a url instance .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  the > .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  strip   pulls
truth:  strip   null

test:  parse the running plugin description of the ftp method .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  parse   activates
truth:  parse   creds

test:  download a fits expression and return a string value .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  parse a tree specification for a texture file .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  converts   been
truth:  converts   format

test:  convert a possibly protobuf to a native string .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  pulls   overlap
truth:  pulls   encode

test:  compute the total hist threads for the test group .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the keyczar signer object .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  fetches   create
truth:  fetches   secret

test:  determine if an s3 can be created .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests if we have a yaml file .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  makes request to auth service api call .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  checks whether a string is decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  returns the network api functions .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  extract the wallis .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  calculate   split
truth:  calculate   stat

test:  returns an element with highest func score; break ties at random .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  removes the uri prefix from the uri prefix and returns it .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  remove   nose
truth:  remove   prefix

test:  return a list of distance devices cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  read evoked data from a node .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  configuration that always returns a string with the requested configuration .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  checks   talking
truth:  checks   dict

test:  marks a function as a template .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  build a list of name=value strings .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  makes a class tracking action tracking instances .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  disables   identifies
truth:  disables   plugin

test:  attach a queryset representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   enhanced
truth:  attach   object

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  acquiring the memory used by the bokchoy .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  shutdown   unroll
truth:  shutdown   steps

test:  builds a list of the projector .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  create   looking
truth:  create   operator

test:  decode a base64 encoded data .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  base64   limit
truth:  base64   decode

test:  fixture to analyze a prime file .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   sign
truth:  generate   pair

test:  escape & .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  calculate the date for a autoregression .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  convert   focused
truth:  convert   dates

test:  returns the value of the entire element in a given list .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  pad   locks
truth:  pad   pad

test:  returns the input url for the given input url .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  perform   enumerates
truth:  perform   protocol

test:  cm service command request section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return the domain floats a domain-matches domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   union
truth:  return   domain

test:  set movie position as percentage between 0 .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   cyclen
truth:  set   percentage

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  same as a % b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a list of all {'filters' .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  helper to run a code in nominated namespace note that the executed module will have full access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  encode the given base64 string to a bytearray .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   creating
truth:  encode   transfer

test:  returns open anonymous cart with given token or none if not found .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  returns   help
truth:  returns   cart

test:  logs out the user def .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  return whether the current file is running .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  nice -> string return a copy of the string s with upper case characters converted to lowercase .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  convert a internal name to a list of entities .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  generate a release email address and creates a logical date .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  construct system information from the system to profile .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get comparison in order to sort o .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   reported
truth:  convert   function

test:  return a list of function where an args symbol is in a list of expressions .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deprecated in iso 8601 .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given a point of entry points .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   allocate
truth:  given   user

test:  parse out the given header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  generate a random dataset .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  parse either the parameters or max_samples descriptor .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   parsefile
truth:  parse   descriptor

test:  get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as a floating point value .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  read epochs .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  returns true if the current file exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  seed out the list of environment variables .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extracts   restoring
truth:  extracts   data

test:  mean squared error regression loss .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  get the point for rectangular points .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a list of blog ids of all the given feed .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  retrieve   unescaped
truth:  retrieve   entries

test:  a convenience function for computing lines .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  divides   pandas
truth:  divides   columns

test:  return an item that is the sortkey of its item .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return the xdg cache directory .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  customer' cannot set quotation price from party list .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   switch
truth:  set   list

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   strips
truth:  write   changelog

test:  check the list of contents of an html text .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  get invalid config directory .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find a specific volume type string for a given profile type .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  determines   going
truth:  determines   volume_type

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for small p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  pulls   serie
truth:  pulls   square

test:  takes a sequence .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  set up the concord232 alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  register an interpreted text role by its name .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   present
truth:  register   role

test:  retrieve all enabled user groups .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   extract
truth:  retrieve   version

test:  gets the number of individual data .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  server server easy_install .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  installs   pulls
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  pulls   inquire
truth:  pulls   tool

test:  set the title of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  returns true if path was indexing .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  checks   authenticated
truth:  checks   everything

test:  upload files from a remote host to the remote host .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid fns code .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   fixes
truth:  puts   manager

test:  helper function to sysctl a single line .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  pulls   represented
truth:  pulls   sysctl

test:  removes new metadata tags for the specified resource ids .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  delete   drawing
truth:  delete   tags

test:  internal routine to redirect preferred command .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  test import from numpy arrays .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  make sure the exception is raised when .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  test loading a kit file .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   walking
truth:  test   kit

test:  do not allow users to be via root .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  apply   drop
truth:  apply   ssh

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  explicitly construct a separator .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  converts   submitted
truth:  converts   camelcase

test:  it should extract a sentence from the single step .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  install the named grafana link from the cluster .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  yaml: zulip publish trend reports with zulip .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if tawn of tawn .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  mixed   pushing
truth:  mixed   model

test:  returns the canonical .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns dict of cut-off from a list of its prefix .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   bounds
truth:  generate   table

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the gridspec and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  profile to the profile .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  returns an instance of text configuration configuration configuration object .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  chown the group id from the group to group gid on this system .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  returns a maskdef .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   evaluate
truth:  returns   clip

test:  returns the path that identifies this process .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  modify all requests .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  fixture   s
truth:  fixture   sets

test:  a function used to mark a noop function as value .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  noop   hits
truth:  noop   filter

test:  put one or more nagios keyname : string name of property in pickled cli example: .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  put   shared
truth:  put   string

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a json representation of all path directories and certificates in the current user .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  update the quotas for a tenant service .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   optimize
truth:  update   quotas

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove a triggers from the task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  this function is a helper function that returns a new easier easier .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   factors
truth:  run   pylint

test:  handles a new email address .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  given   equalize
truth:  given   email

test:  merges a simple spinnaker assumptions .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  compute dependencies of the input .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it will check each standard location details for the location question .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  write a file in a directory on a temporary directory .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  test   emit
truth:  test   access

test:  asks the weights of a matplotlib file .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  similar to the given user .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  given   mignotte
truth:  given   things

test:  drain the environment metadata for a message .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  get the current shell command .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  maps keys to an alteratives arguments to iri-normal api .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  return a list of hosts for the named cluster .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  returns   weigh
truth:  returns   vim

test:  returns the test path for a given list of paths .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  generator to read the open fileobject from a file .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  yield   simplifying
truth:  yield   range

test:  returns a copy of the values with values being the keys of the statement at the end of each value in both the dict .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  left   trace
truth:  left   merge

test:  context manager that adds a file to the given filename .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  pretty print an exception header .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  runs a valid module in the __main__ namespace note that the executed module will have full access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  returns true if the current time is marked as a missing .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  checks if a username is valid .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  call available command .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  runs   allows
truth:  runs   subprocess

test:  removes ldflags .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  sample two rows from a mixture of comparators .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  draws   pushing
truth:  draws   model

test:  lists the creds for given a cred_id and tenant_id .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  convenience function to create a new preloading param .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  wraps   format
truth:  wraps   parameter

test:  get the list of regions and their ip instances .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   point
truth:  report   status

test:  this javascript function takes a javascript file and returns the json representation of the fragment .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  set   bdecodes
truth:  set   xblock

test:  convert native output to a range .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  test with non sparse matrix .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  creates a binary array of bits .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  convert strings to a python object .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  function   duplicates
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup sname .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  create a finite random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  context manager for temporary directory .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  return equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get a python type from the logger .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  converts a given torrent dict to a list of packages .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  returns a unique .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  write   currents
truth:  write   state

test:  function for displaying expressions generated in the sympy .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   blocks
truth:  function   representation

test:  retrieve the mac address from a device .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  list all zones for a zone .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   authenticated
truth:  list   everything

test:  run a imview viewer in a background image .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  return the grains from the proxy device if not cached already exists .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  minimize a scalar function .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tries to extract the format from a file date and returns it .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return true if filename may be included in filename .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  call a function in a thread and return its reactor .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   vms
truth:  run   thread

test:  creates an environment with some meta information .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  ordereddict ordereddict in yaml dump .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  represent   come
truth:  represent   yaml

test:  returns the common distance between the least two points of the other distance from the given word .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  calculate   itersubclasses
truth:  calculate   similarity

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  convert an iterable of ticks into a unix epoch .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload storage storage policy .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  pulls   unblock
truth:  pulls   swift

test:  validate a partition .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  ensure   stores
truth:  ensure   name

test:  subscribe a plugin into an engine .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  config   lets
truth:  config   handler

test:  sets the commit itself and creates a managed connection .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  returns the pointer where each line is a given set of ints .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  decorator to require an instance instance_id or instance to be executed .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a single named information item from the attribute of the information item data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  get the ids of the password and user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   was
truth:  get   uid

test:  convert a resource starred list of two-tuples from the hood starred output .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  reduce the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "left_pad" zeros left and right .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  pad   overriding
truth:  pad   dimension

test:  test that we can get a bug with a 0 .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns a new dataset with the core/storage for indices .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  restricts   debugging
truth:  restricts   dataset

test:  for sending email to a feedback system .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  sending   equalize
truth:  sending   email

test:  write to the widget directory .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  suggest column names on table names when selecting columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   step
truth:  suggest   names

test:  returns a dict of sample information .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  raise an error if func() is not in parallel .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   quotes
truth:  verify   map

test:  then i have sent @step @step .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a dict of existing oauth key from the query parameters .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  look   trimmed
truth:  look   uri

test:  extracts the galaxy_test_file_dir similarity of the given similarity .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  boolean   follow
truth:  boolean   indicating

test:  returns the last line number in the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   phred
truth:  purge   caches

test:  convert a string into a colname .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  translate   stores
truth:  translate   name

test:  build a user for generating request .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   executed
truth:  build   dictionary

test:  get a random 48-bit instance .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  return a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  return a image of a file .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  read   indicating
truth:  read   images

test:  delete volume from a server cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  returns the value of a field .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the base and the base documentation for a given base if the multiplier is in the base .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  update user listeners in memcached .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  update   widening
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   allows
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   extract
truth:  selects   version

test:  helper to construct opening and *node_id* .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  add   inputhook
truth:  add   sys

test:  return true if the given pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  returns a global float dict from the current magic of the timestamps .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  gets the owner of a collection .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a tuple of daily concat in the interval [0 .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  generates a encint for capital chars .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  open a file in a given and return mapping .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  determine if a path is entirely inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  name the name of a package to be deleted .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  the main purpose of a table with a v1-style file .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints the value as a string .
truth: print line . 
test:  print   small_stmts
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the groups of a review field is valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   decide
truth:  validates   groups

test:  return a graph in length to 63 .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  turns any expression/path into a native url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  updates a dictionary with the given configuration .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  convert a space separated string to a scope .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  takes a number and returns a string .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  effect signal handler for one statistic .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  moving   offset
truth:  moving   parameters

test:  context manager to allow the suspend to be compiled in the vim .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  prevents   loads
truth:  prevents   changes

test:  parses a string and return a list of arguments .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   bartels
truth:  parse   contents

test:  remove all the metadata from an http header associated with a given partial .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  rebuild   skips
truth:  rebuild   connections

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  whether or not the mne bytes is in the local state .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  dummy function to walk error on log error .
truth: log os . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  will copy operation .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  converts a dictionary to a dictionary with keys .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  triggers a route for the named distribution .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compute index loss for different probability vectors note: this implementation is restricted to the binary classification task .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  verify the supplied server for the given ip address .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  checks   containing
truth:  checks   ip

test:  converts a datetime .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  convert   searches
truth:  convert   duration

test:  blocking point to input .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sets the opacity used to unpickle an image .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  the default implementation of this module .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a file from a list of contents .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  parse   storing
truth:  parse   template

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   pulls
truth:  reboot   null

test:  convert your interior to systems .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  maps   emits
truth:  maps   definition

test:  converts a string like file into a string .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  open an encoded file .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  setup the app for programmes .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  setup   mutes
truth:  setup   app

test:  finds and signs are robust .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  converts   reveal
truth:  converts   sequence

test:  usage: lx decode-url allows you to show special configuration .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  tests that the units prefix is retrieved for units .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  an existing draft revision .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  create   capitalizes
truth:  create   revision

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   solves
truth:  create   pagerduty

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   aligns
truth:  mount   volume

test:  run product on all existing queries .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  display   expects
truth:  display   queries

test:  parse the response to a response .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  split   install
truth:  split   response

test:  callback to add option to the current locale .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  convert   latex
truth:  convert   mne

test:  be being used to create an rpm backend .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   stolen
truth:  return   fileserver

test:  create a elimination matrix for linear dense polygons vector parameters n : ndarray the upper triangular of the first dimension 1-d squares .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   lstrip
truth:  build   set

test:  create and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  read_utf8() -> str hex-encodes the path to the binary data .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  function   format
truth:  function   parameter

test:  gets a chain of an object c{obj} for the predicate .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   proposed
truth:  find   chain

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determine if the tool is currently installed .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  update a repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  run the geos tests .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  index of lowest value over a specified period .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to be validated name cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  returns a 3-tuple: which can be used to override a specific config option within a specific feature .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  inverse hyperbolic cotangent .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   sparks
truth:  change   number

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   switch
truth:  resets   list

test:  return final status of final status in statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  get   inform
truth:  get   entry

test:  find target in a path .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  give an exception that should be ignored .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator for connection .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  produce   mixed
truth:  produce   engine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  provides   install
truth:  provides   response

test:  returns the sid for a specific payload id .
truth: given a server . 
test:  given   clones
truth:  given   server

test:  return a list of mapping switches .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a key-equivalent .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  render javascript data as json .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  renders   aliased
truth:  renders   json

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  prints the last line of the given interactive running debugger .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  starts   generating
truth:  starts   shell

test:  return a dictionary of information in the specified account .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  install certificates and private certificates .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   listen
truth:  install   key

test:  build the docs link .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   intrepret
truth:  build   pdf

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  epost provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  post   disallow
truth:  post   identifiers

test:  helper method to return a cohort for the specified course .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  load the authorization settings .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  command   authorizes
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  pulls   to_bytes
truth:  pulls   encodes

test:  creates a thumbnail .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  create   counter
truth:  create   thumbnail

test:  return a runs the result of a thread .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  ensures   reported
truth:  ensures   function

test:  removes fnclex needed for failed .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  replicates namespace on a list of iterables from iterables .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  convert a scipy .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  builds   blocks
truth:  builds   representation

test:  apply data from a chunk or matrices .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  return a *m* with the following n elements in matrix .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  return true if the given language is the same cache .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  fetch all the ports for this type .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  get   edit
truth:  get   ports

test:  get the config dictionary of a jobconf variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a list of the manifest to reach a package .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  archive   downloading
truth:  archive   package

test:  get a frontend by the led matrix .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  merge the signal handler for a single iteration .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  deletes database tables .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  convert a unicode string or unicode into a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  compare two key/value pairs of a key .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if all of the given patterns in patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  determine   gauss
truth:  determine   strings

test:  create an ssl ssl file .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  read the configuration .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  check if the objects were valid .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  determines if allowed .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  convert a git subscription to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  retrieve a folder from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   stacking
truth:  retrieve   grid

test:  remove the given auth from an http response .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting gradient .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  propagates info page .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  compute the p-th distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   rfc
truth:  compute   distance

test:  we are like soft work with a regular expression .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  substitute   randomise
truth:  substitute   message

test:  return an iterable of glob strings for the specified crash .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  decorator that checks if the given object has a => attribute .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  skip   remounts
truth:  skip   obj

test:  update the process epoch .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  prepare   restoring
truth:  prepare   data

test:  sorts a list .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sort   switch
truth:  sort   list

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  displays the current time zone return the current time zone cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   start
truth:  displays   zone

test:  add a node to the class .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  parse a topic .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   highlights
truth:  parse   update

test:  convert a long int to a bytes .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  start a local mode .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume id .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   switch
truth:  copy   list

test:  returns a datetime with minute .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  tokens   pulls
truth:  tokens   null

test:  list all vms on the provider data centers the provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return true if there are inside a negative spherical .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  updates scene exceptions for a tvdb exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  extract user info from start .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  export export export .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write a chunk to a string .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  compute the whole vector software .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  which organisation of the person organisation for the given training .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  [elementwise] a list of arguments .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  yaml: stash translate a stash report for builds .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns a humanized request for the snapshots of a review request .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  finds   knapsack
truth:  finds   request

test:  checks if current site profile gets real and return the current site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a url to clone it in the tool shed .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  list all rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  take a sequence of lists and a single sequence of values .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   lstrip
truth:  flatten   set

test:  return system information cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  fixture to create a test groups .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  creates   decide
truth:  creates   groups

test:  generate a random integer number .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  sleep   sparks
truth:  sleep   number

test:  create python virtual server .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  removes a list of urls in the form of a given list of urls .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  joins   tracks
truth:  joins   urls

test:  check if the given field is a reverse reverse .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  builds controller for the lsi spec .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  list chinese between points for linear move matrix and its %s; versions .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  function   fileformat
truth:  function   self

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix cosine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  like node .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  uninstall an app .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  remove   init
truth:  remove   modules

test:  calculates the coefficient of the data along the specified axis .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  tests   contructs
truth:  tests   sample

test:  loads a path from an application .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  removes   authenticated
truth:  removes   everything

test:  wrap api calls to plain text .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  given   homebrew_packages
truth:  given   structure

test:  wrapper around image .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  update   flow
truth:  update   fields

test:  maxheap version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   backs
truth:  returns   mean

test:  test one line labels .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  create the root row for the given service .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  get the number of commits since the current machine .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  check for the existence of the line found in the logs .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  logs   capturing
truth:  logs   error

test:  rabins polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  extracts the list of features from csp .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  creates a protocol instance with the given protocol options and ssh .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  searches all files under theanos cwd .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  change package upgrade on or a specific package cli example: .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   suppress
truth:  upgrade   software

test:  return a registered trophy types .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  context manager for temporary directory .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   extract
truth:  context   version

test:  ith the difference between two lists .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  return true if the tokenization portion of the given module is valid .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   carry
truth:  check   test

test:  find the difference between strings and seperated .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  escapes a strings html after a certain breaks .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  return a list of .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  return   simplifies
truth:  return   packages

test:  does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   knapsack
truth:  does   request

test:  input is also work around the all pairs .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  have   simulating
truth:  have   input

test:  factory for starclusterconfig object .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   copies
truth:  list   clusters

test:  returns a nested class with the given signature .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  mock the tab function for json .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  mocks   pulls
truth:  mocks   null

test:  return html matches the provided doctype with all html matches .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  validate that pack is a valid pack name .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  add a type to the enriched .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   presents
truth:  add   mapping

test:  create a unique .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  send deete into command into wave into command into this table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  returns a list of reset sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  repeat the function to repeat a method that callable with the same arguments .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  stubs out the mailchimp equation that they have been processed in a mailchimp api .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  initializes   trivial
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  create the size of the nearest node .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  get the project tree .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  creates   configured
truth:  creates   tree

test:  install mobsf for mobsf home .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  creates a schema for verifying element .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  a response for netscape .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  convert state to state .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  guess   currents
truth:  guess   state

test:  regression test for a pyephem potential .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  process a list of tuples for post-processing .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  parse a field value using valueexcept 1 .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  deserialize   extract
truth:  deserialize   version

test:  returns a mask for the given character hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  install the organisation() system .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  publish   customized
truth:  publish   salt

test:  takes a dictionary for a list of categorical values and converts it to a corresponding model .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  create a new setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  decorator factory that returns a decorator .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  helps   pulls
truth:  helps   null

test:  identification limit on given key .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  remove   cause
truth:  remove   option

test:  create a list of numbers .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  convert a c{name} .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  returns the path of the device .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  resolve   igor
truth:  resolve   device

test:  a generator of length blocks from a whitespace-separated width .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   flask
truth:  calls   times

test:  wrap a member to fasta_filepath connections .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cracks a class definitions .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  dumps   decide
truth:  dumps   groups

test:  a decorator that ensures that the get --uptodate returns the methods of the strings contained within the input .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create a argument argument to read the command line options .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  creates   promotes
truth:  creates   argumentparser

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  returns a private key for a private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns the linkage parser for a non-singleton linkage .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  delete user .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  compute a 3d function blocked by parsing the index .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  extract   knapsack
truth:  extract   request

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   consisting
truth:  test   link

test:  get the dot product of the first kind in the second zone .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  api endpoint for asynchronous protocols .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  load a continuous random variable b: the private exponent .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  computes   bench
truth:  computes   value

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   safe_octal
truth:  cleanup   class

test:  returns true if lock can be sent or false .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  lock   enhanced
truth:  lock   object

test:  returns a list of promo velocities that correspond to largest .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   hover
truth:  converts   bytes

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  create a clip with the given mean .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  execute a single state orchestration routine .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  converts a list of strings into an integer .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  converts   quoting
truth:  converts   comma

test:  generate a non-fuzzy of text .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  takes   supported
truth:  takes   paragraph

test:  replace y values with a different value .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  helper function to make a user preferred file preferred .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  generator to returns an iterable over the current iterable .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  yield   enhance
truth:  yield   items

test:  sum a set of taxes entries within given money .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  stack   normalise
truth:  stack   taxes

test:  generate a tuple of file names it is a folder .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  walk   local_rvs
truth:  walk   addons

test:  ensure the password list of valid code is accepted .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   unleash
truth:  deletes   store

test:  test disregard .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   bench
truth:  test   value

test:  update index library .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   regressiont
truth:  updates   index

test:  determine if a is false hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  scan a mapping of canonical strings .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   tear
truth:  build   module

test:  gets task data for a task .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   reverts
truth:  set   age

test:  tests that the arg is raised when .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  add rotation loop to fill .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  creates the ast from an ast from a list .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  this function takes an identifier and an identifier and returns the string representation of the given user object which stores the data contained in the string could be none if
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  validate that value is a port number .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  returns a connected sets of nodes in the graph .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  merge   initalize
truth:  merge   k

test:  a generator for _group_ranges .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  change random chars of the string to upper case .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  change   block
truth:  change   chars

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  force a panel-like to apply to a numpy array .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  create and add a new permissionset .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a list of node ids .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   reads
truth:  return   metrics

test:  opengl opengl configuration .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  print out the data passed into the function *args and kwargs .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  output   protects
truth:  output   args

test:  create a private ip for the linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   containing
truth:  creates   ip

test:  test inserting a sphere from dialled .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  return information on the system .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  array indexing with the given value .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  =   pulls
truth:  =   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  removes sessions of given cache .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clear   allocate
truth:  clear   user

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  split test into a train and target set of the same for fast into its idx_list described by the aliaser .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  split   borrowed
truth:  split   instances

test:  tests that the in-db file is improved correctly .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  try   imdb
truth:  try   store_fs

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  returns a dict mapping from all registered apis .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  copy each source file from the target .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  parses a handle to a genepop file .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parses   restoring
truth:  parses   data

test:  yaml: load builds builds at certain level .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  pulls   fake
truth:  pulls   load

test:  delete a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  convert v into a pure complex .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  validate the configuration .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   forbid
truth:  validates   options

test:  regression test for #1181 .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieve all quotas associated with a given resource usage .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  compute the trimmed valued on a matrix .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  compute   offset
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  get a console console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   ordered
truth:  get   console

test:  check if the labels value of the same labels .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  shows a reset password .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  password   exit
truth:  password   handling

test:  convert 2 background array to rgb .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  python friendly version of pyimport_getimporter .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  table a datasets .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  gets the first and background state of the network interface .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   repeat
truth:  inplace   scaling

test:  check if a database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  renders a certificate template with a custom certificate template .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  picks   derive
truth:  picks   templates

test:  returns a generator of {field_index: } .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  yield   flashes
truth:  yield   characters

test:  serialize a serialized string to json .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  convert   aliased
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns all randomsymbols within random matrix .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  given   sums
truth:  given   expression

test:  return a list of eventrenderers from available events for a particular date .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  creates a new endpoints with the given prefix .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  copies a partition from the partition <from-minor> to partition .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  resizes   sparks
truth:  resizes   number

test:  compute nth moment moments of a given eps moments .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parallel decorrelation .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns true iff the django django settings in the given commandline .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  try   lambda
truth:  try   django

test:  test checking for resize .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  set   socket
truth:  set   projection

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  provide   flip
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  removes a value from the pipeline .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  returns whether obj is closed from the given object .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  return a list of the jobs for each dataset .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   signal
truth:  returns   datasets

test:  combine zero into a single mapping of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  run a series of signatures for operating .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  gather   restoring
truth:  gather   data

test:  return the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   cutting
truth:  get   writer

test:  mutation that returns the path with a path to the path .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  query the metric page .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  disable the obey .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  removes a single column constraints for the specified table .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  create a test connection object .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  install   skips
truth:  install   connections

test:  find all copies .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  test run_tests_if_main .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  return the list of resource tags .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  print a single etag: .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  removes old environment variables to remove the old .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  removes   restoring
truth:  removes   data

test:  return a list of service administration .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  display   stores
truth:  display   name

test:  retrieve an mozilla module by name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  returns a boolean value based on whether or not the value passed in config value is a valid ip address .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return a documentation for paths that match the python python documentation .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return only the targets that are marked by the specified targets .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  return   offer
truth:  return   queryset

test:  set current boot device override information .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  return the region of an image .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for a particular user for provided course .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   defines
truth:  retrieve   attributes

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  test some volume names in label .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  test   step
truth:  test   names

test:  helper function to attach a child process .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  link to subprocess .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  calculates   allows
truth:  calculates   subprocess

test:  ensures json portion of a json file .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   expect
truth:  extract   body

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   setup
truth:  returns   equivalent

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  get against rotation matrix for rotation matrix .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   docfield
truth:  return   angle

test:  decode a piece of cookie names into a cookie .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   modbus
truth:  decodes   cookie

test:  --quick a series of values .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  wrapper around obj .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  filters element items in a given sequence with matching elements .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   enhance
truth:  filters   items

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  compile the ir of functions .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  return a function that can be used for a templates .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  find a list of pairs in a equivalent expansion .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save state .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  convenience function for removing existing directory .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  handle the customer of a users .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement and yaxispointingupward .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   designates
truth:  get   matrixsvg

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns a configuration value with the same configuration .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  extract   exclude
truth:  extract   discovery

test:  get a api-proxy instance from the api blob .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  gets   encapsulate
truth:  gets   instance

test:  check policy corresponding to the policy functions .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the post .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   escaped
truth:  do   post

test:  get the edge height .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  validate a provided groupby dict .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  checks   switch
truth:  checks   list

test:  create a new deletes object from the provided request .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  send a random url to each file in bootstrap_dict .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  produces   takes
truth:  produces   stream

test:  clears the url of the scenario .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  go   bring
truth:  go   page

test:  convert c to a native string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  write a version to the db .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  inserts   bench
truth:  inserts   value

test:  compute the dot product of a graph b .
truth: returns np . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the main function is only built .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  checks   averaging
truth:  checks   encodings

test:  computes the batch of a batch .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  compute coleman-li noise .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  implement migrations for the module .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   debugging
truth:  build   dataset

test:  make sure ast can compile valid resources .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   match
truth:  make   syntax

test:  combine zero or more variables from a source space .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  rewrite   associate
truth:  rewrite   expressions

test:  saves an object to a workbook .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  delete   clip
truth:  delete   record

test:  checks that the doctors types are valid .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  find the given pong! payload by the given ajax implementation .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  locate   pulls
truth:  locate   null

test:  like getattr .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  open a google cloud storage file .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  opens   decimals
truth:  opens   storage

test:  paired -> value return a user password .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  prompt   separates
truth:  prompt   echo

test:  get the face indexes from the edge indexes .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  execute a python command with pyenv shims from the system .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  aux function .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  combine two matrices into a single column .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   constrained
truth:  combine   functions

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   widgets
truth:  removes   responses

test:  updates all translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   b1
truth:  updates   translations

test:  prints/logs an error message to the last line .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  log   order
truth:  log   traceback

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  return the sample variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   variance

test:  iterates over the metadata and yields multiple lines .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  check that the unschedule is added to a watch when obtained from a watch extension .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  tests   unsets
truth:  tests   watch

test:  prepare to run locally .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  collect   sleep
truth:  collect   files

test:  a task to clone a report .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  report   middleware
truth:  report   clone

test:  returns the path to the static settings file .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  required   imported
truth:  required   galaxy

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  decorator that records for a function in python 2 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  change   flattens
truth:  change   output

test:  set the libcloud module of the distribution .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns the path for extension .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  append   define
truth:  append   path

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   unescapes
truth:  add   rule

test:  resolve a subset of the keys in a square .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  creates a topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  replace all conventions .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  convert a system matrix to a vector .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  require several rpm packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   simplifies
truth:  require   packages

test:  returns the token for the specified user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  generate   scop
truth:  generate   token

test:  find all the manifest pickled rules in a given css file .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  find   verifying
truth:  find   face

test:  return a set of permissions for a string permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the context associated with a devnum .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  the identity matrix of an identity matrix .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  drops math of energy congruent to ensure that current buffer is used .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   making
truth:  verify   float

test:  wait for a message in the qutebrowser log .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  wait   byte
truth:  wait   statusbar

test:  only one qapp can exist at a time .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  shows success .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  compute nth derivative of v .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  raise a "attrs" xml element of the data do networkx .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  check   exhaust
truth:  check   conversion

test:  return a list of beautifulsoup attributes .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  get the list of a branch .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   emitting
truth:  get   character

test:  returns longest hash of longest string .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  chooses   tz_localize
truth:  chooses   seq

test:  get a relative path from a path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  gets the search output of the current machine .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with queues and use .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  splits a given ports .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  sanitize a rabbitmq summary of the last diff to a clean name parallel the target name of the exception .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  returns a list of all the units 8-bit search for a given unit .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return a xdg configuration directory .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  check   maps
truth:  check   locations

test:  internal helper to do the minimum parameter .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  make the filter inode .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  accepts   step
truth:  accepts   names

test:  test histogram with a histogram .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   organize
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test that .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   restructure
truth:  test   tmpdir

test:  only load the module if zabbix server is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  return the forget policy .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  setup the demo alarm devices .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  using a invalid value as invalid values .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  test   teardown
truth:  test   type

test:  create a context factory that validates amp amp .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   link
truth:  create   factory

test:  returns path to language information about haproxy .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  exit on instance of the cursor .
truth: force exit . 
test:  force   extended
truth:  force   exit

test:  create an iis application pool .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   flattens
truth:  decode   output

test:  install a previously installed plugin .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  because this process has been running .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  use   reported
truth:  use   function

test:  return an iterable of hosts and create a dict containing the formatting or directory .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get a direct loops which include most of a list of complex points in a given direction .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  returns the revision id of the last change to the prng .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  returns   capitalizes
truth:  returns   revision

test:  returns a wsgi response based on an http error .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  pulls   roundrobin
truth:  pulls   application

test:  serialize all the actions and rendered to the given data .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  make a string out of a pair .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   serialize
truth:  return   str

test:  get the value after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  creating user options .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  called when the microseconds of the time zone is enabled .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  reports   support
truth:  reports   time

test:  returns hostmask .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  return   opened
truth:  return   re

test:  this hook is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  take existing xml root completion and enter the xml tree .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  edits   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  edits   problem

test:  return a formatted format string from a given format .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a generator of the paths of pip .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  display the current database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  starting   extract
truth:  starting   version

test:  return information on a color .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   profile
truth:  return   theme

test:  retrieve information on a volume .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  returns the path of the yaml file for the builtin .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return a list of the urls that have been modified .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  the task argument completes .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  allow   pulls
truth:  allow   null

test:  compute the entropy of the entropy of multivariate polynomials .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  return path to build .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  return a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   code
truth:  return   logger

test:  generate a unique threadlocal map for each entry in js .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  create an url for widths .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  issues the half of a stream .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  prepares   wanted
truth:  prepares   filename

test:  return the first column of a 2d tensor .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  find a node of node where each node is the target is = of the tree .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  skip decorated test if a database is in use .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  check if the object is the same data .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   restoring
truth:  configure   data

test:  return a nlmeans pipeline .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper to compile a simple device template for a given pyfunc .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   pulls
truth:  compile   null

test:  retrieve a role by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  transform special chars to lowercase .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  test the debug option .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  describe the details of an ssh volumes .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  describe   aligns
truth:  describe   volume

test:  check if http status code is client .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  when a file is clicked on ctypes .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  merge the javascript tests .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  remove all files below a tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  actually load a test module from a file .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  preload   pulls
truth:  preload   null

test:  check whether a short number is a valid region .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  build the location of the current device version .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  see url .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   reject
truth:  -   neutron

test:  sets the modules that the current session .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   created
truth:  set   mode

test:  verify that the image is present for this server .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  format a string representation of an object .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  fetches a disk opener with the logs .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  queries   tracks
truth:  queries   urls

test:  assign the given node to the parent node .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  return   fetches
truth:  return   parent

test:  convert a file type to the bufsize type .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  print a rule to the right location of a condition .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   dictionary
truth:  apply   condition

test:  insert a new into the target into the target environment variable .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  nested   pulls
truth:  nested   null

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  returns true if the secret of the current user .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verifies   listen
truth:  verifies   key

test:  instructs drawdowns .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  calculate   examines
truth:  calculate   peak

test:  return the request object from the request .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  get a list of user objects .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   eliminates
truth:  make   elements

test:  convert a string to a boolean .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return dict of all the links links .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  rewrite   saves
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  parses a complex table file .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  crop an image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  converts a file to disk .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  applies   pulls
truth:  applies   null

test:  return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  replace local variables with a syntactically valid name in future with a syntactically name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  compare two lists of equal values .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly successfully .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   shutdown
truth:  stack   tables

test:  return a dict of members of the group that provided .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  replaces   rising
truth:  replaces   group

test:  select the autocorrelation of a number of 2-d values .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  calculates   print
truth:  calculates   approximation

test:  dumps the data .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  convert a string to a unicode string .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  decode   project
truth:  decode   ascii

test:  internal routine to get a version of twisted .
truth: available major . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a class .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  turn   retrieving
truth:  turn   compound

test:  use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   depends
truth:  use   def

test:  extract all op instances from sequence of instances .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  return   break
truth:  return   operations

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  create a class for a given fieldset .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  retrieve the count count of a thread .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  return a time mapping of time durations prioritization .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  returns   account
truth:  returns   human

test:  if csf is present .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  runs   broadcasted
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install a requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  load certificate from a buffer .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  returns a common tool shed shed to be used in the tool shed option .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  determine   inquire
truth:  determine   tool

test:  converts the string s to python code .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  messaging index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  messaging   bring
truth:  messaging   page

test:  language: outline -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   quits
truth:  pulls   ru

test:  sets the alarm .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   check_string
truth:  set   hardware

test:  splits a datastore path into .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  split   failing
truth:  split   style

test:  principal decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  apply a value from a db .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  recurse   saves
truth:  recurse   links

test:  update the iterator .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  grab   echoes
truth:  grab   prefixes

test:  allow wrapper to be pydotprint in ftp .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  using   embeds
truth:  using   pandas

test:  forms a values from json .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  render   presents
truth:  render   mapping

test:  extract date and return value from database date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  sanitize url .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  sanitize   access
truth:  sanitize   url

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  shrink the decorated method .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  make   assigned
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  submits a task to generate a csv file containing the executive summary grades .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test two global connection .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  returns the extent of the phrase containing the given head token .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   redraw
truth:  returns   begin

test:  converts partial variables into a first column of p with respect to t .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  converts into a python string .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the expression in which the completion should be inserted usually code assist proposals should be inserted like:: completion = proposal .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  download an s3 object to a file .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  the log policy for the configurations .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  injects   hits
truth:  injects   filter

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  retrieve all available boot configuration from a dict cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   squared
truth:  retrieve   vms

test:  get a hypervisor by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  a decorator marking the decorated function as typing and implementing *func* in nopython mode .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  removes local dict from the local dictionary .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return which has the standard binding .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get a byte where each component is a 0 .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  context manager that changes the blockdetection timeout to the whole timeout of the given handler .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  context   shed
truth:  context   exception

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  copy a file to a file .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  infer a value for the given type types .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  infer   teardown
truth:  infer   type

test:  expands argument parsing .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  expand   stores
truth:  expand   name

test:  test os .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  returns a list of paths to use .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  compute a single pathext .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  returns   optparse
truth:  returns   extensions

test:  ensure that we can tokenize sources .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   disallow
truth:  ensure   identifiers

test:  retrieves a proxy wrapper around the given scheme .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  parse   tile
truth:  parse   information

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  returns the complexity of a complexity of 0 .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  estimate   support
truth:  estimate   time

test:  create a continuous random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  return the most recent snapshot snapshot .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign of a tensor .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  validate the given uris .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  fire   dumps
truth:  fire   signal

test:  helper function for getting a single sample size .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  view for the login .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  returns the gauss-chebyshev of a set of nodes .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decodes a base64 encoded data into base64 .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the correlation factors of a project .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  project   cleaning
truth:  project   matrix

test:  deletes a single session of the given raw tables .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  is   setup
truth:  is   equivalent

test:  return a list of all the windows compiler for the current compiler .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  determine   img
truth:  determine   compiler

test:  assignment_expression : unary_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert mask components into a cluster components .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  create a 3d initializer for weights or bias of a list of weight values .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   exhausts
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  returns a list of tuples of audio lengths .
truth: given an index . 
test:  given   regressiont
truth:  given   index

test:  show information about the message information .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  calculate the discrete log criterion of the positive logarithm of a sampled .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  compute   xyz
truth:  compute   logarithm

test:  discretize center function .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that the named gemset exists name the name of the gemset that the gemset is present name the name of rvm .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a single aggregates .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return the active contributors for a specific date .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  class decorator for the call to create a sane class .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  purge variables for the current site .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  true if hour is in the log of the log .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  calculate the area for a given equation .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  transform   gets
truth:  transform   prototype

test:  this function computes the distance kernel in x and y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns disk unit .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  returns a simple page about page .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  serve   bring
truth:  serve   page

test:  retrieve information of the file .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  split all systems and zero or more objects .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that the cache root exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   intialize
truth:  ensure   root

test:  replace all of data with the data in the data .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  replaces   increase
truth:  replaces   nodes

test:  creates the graph for the given argparse graph .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns a 410 notebook to a0 module .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  a view that can be used from a requests request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  run a console command .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  call   instantiate
truth:  call   arguments

test:  gets a permission model with the passed name .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a a dictionary of unique values initialized with key == v .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file on sys .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  try   labeled
truth:  try   file

test:  prints msg and stderr to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  return true if the given shape node is used to create a function node with the specified arguments .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  determine   teardown
truth:  determine   type

test:  atomically filter filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  default   hits
truth:  default   filter

test:  returns a coefficient which can be used for hypersearch .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  define   negotiate
truth:  define   loss

test:  send analytics ip .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  log   fitnesse
truth:  log   events

test:  open telemetry logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   sleep
truth:  open   files

test:  return a class corresponding to the class .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  split an array into multiple values .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  compiles a string into a form of the given context .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compiles   replaces
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  return a path relative to $pybasedir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get the user input from the python installation .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  get   simulating
truth:  get   input

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  stores the original image .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  put   overrides
truth:  put   channel

test:  calculate the nti group of the selected group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  geoexplorer a google cloud storage api exchange .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  embedded   access
truth:  embedded   url

test:  wait until the mathjax javascript has loaded on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  new changeset form .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove the activities at the given operation .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   testlist_multi
truth:  remove   activities

test:  only load if the modules module is available .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  requires   pulls
truth:  requires   null

test:  perform label on the graph .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  assign   linkify
truth:  assign   integer

test:  return the currently active server id .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  provides   linkify
truth:  provides   integer

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  slugify a piece of string dots .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  get the clip path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse /etc/hostname and return contents of a file .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  parses a single xml file .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parses   autoencoder
truth:  parses   xml

test:  returns a count of tracks for the given tracks .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  return   deduces
truth:  return   circuit

test:  craetes a table in a given project .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  create a snapshot of a template from a template .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  write a new pack object to a file .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  safely get .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  list all packages .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  translates a snapshot into the cinder exception for the snapshot .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   forwards
truth:  embed   image

test:  be a named table for the remote filter .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  migrate   bounds
truth:  migrate   table

test:  take a along an axis of an axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  takes   restrict
truth:  takes   array

test:  strips out all non-index groups from a track list of repositories .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a supplied provider and a list of resources .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  removes a group from a domain for a domain from a domain .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  basic migrates of a message .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  build   install
truth:  build   response

test:  remove info from an image cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  import   forwards
truth:  import   image

test:  set and retrieve the status of response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured cache .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  computes the variable of all of value in the variable .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  extract   partitioning
truth:  extract   v

test:  send email to inform observers about identifier .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  both and b by overriding both .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   pulls
truth:  collect   null

test:  registers a callback for when the connection is defined .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  adds   pick
truth:  adds   callback

test:  simple command-line arguments for listing the server; object .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  pulls   searches
truth:  pulls   duration

test:  destroy the attachment record .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   slices
truth:  destroy   attachment

test:  ensures that the given failure is not in the changes .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   represent
truth:  returns   failure

test:  rotation images by rotation matrix .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  rotate   indicating
truth:  rotate   images

test:  returns a support for the page with the page .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  return   cifs
truth:  return   httpresponseredirect

test:  a context manager to set the various collector .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  shortcut   constructs
truth:  shortcut   lock

test:  returns an integer representing a random challenge .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return a boolean value from a socket .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   created
truth:  convert   mode

test:  convert a dictionary of items into a dictionary .
truth: like repr . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  find channel based on tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  if the key matches an alias of a key .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  a simple login to perform the gui deny .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  pulls   ask
truth:  pulls   demo

test:  clears all alarms on the local node .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  clear   rescales
truth:  clear   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  construct a buffer options array that gives us templates in exactly the given buffer .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parse   caused
truth:  parse   return

test:  compile a django timestamp file .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  compile   labeled
truth:  compile   file

test:  export an image from the remote repository cwd the path to the target to target .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  returns a group members page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   rising
truth:  returns   group

test:  start a vm vm : string vm to be stopped vm : string vm to be targeted key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   hostname
truth:  start   vm

test:  fetch an image from the wagtailimages_image_model image .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  validate a generated document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  returns a dictionary mapping from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return the number of particular dbref this is the same as the until this state of time .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  forms   pulls
truth:  forms   null

test:  return for a polynomial in sorted list .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  set a temporary backend name .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  set   fold
truth:  set   backend

test:  compute the matrix cosine .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  find   reshow
truth:  find   alpha

test:  change the specified header of an qq .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   capturing
truth:  returns   error

test:  write nested .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  write   autoreleased
truth:  write   types

test:  returns none on error code .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  return reoriented morphological after either a binary image .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  converts   forwards
truth:  converts   image

test:  return the matrix of the graph .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   constrained
truth:  return   functions

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  pulls   mocked
truth:  pulls   runner

test:  a view that asserts that the node is valid .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  represent a binary string as a given python 2 .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  pulls   scales
truth:  pulls   prints

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  pulls   traverse
truth:  pulls   cert

test:  create new wsgiapplication and register description from potential .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   colored
truth:  start   operation

test:  returns the normalized cost size of a set of nodes .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  convert the value into a positive integer .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  delete an computenode record .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   whiten
truth:  delete   computenode

test:  return system information for the given provider .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  check whether the depth contains the specified depth .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return a monotonically increasing integer .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  extract an clm bits from a rpcs .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  combines   prepopulates
truth:  combines   bits

test:  constructs a json object from the json text .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  converts   dst
truth:  converts   c

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  generate a random or store device key .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a symbol which just a development environment .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   sparks
truth:  generate   number

test:  check if input is properly .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  pyramid gaussian image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  yield   means
truth:  yield   gaussian

test:  returns the value of a given action .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  build a zipline loop fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   point
truth:  create   status

test:  retrieves url for a node on a given node .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  constructs   access
truth:  constructs   url

test:  returns the bp for p .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this returns a formatted url from a course image url .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  dynamically generate a validator .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  if an upgrade is expired .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  get the complex path .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  make a class or allow a class to contribute .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to check if access and autocorrelation are available .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   flip
truth:  use   python

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  remove the named group .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  yaml: scan-build execute a build file .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  a date that is a date of the date .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  find the experiment and return a new master ticket .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   existing
truth:  retrieve   ticket

test:  extract correct numeric data from a json document .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  converts   restoring
truth:  converts   data

test:  overwrite the path of path .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the path for the migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  this is csv to be removed .
truth: cache management . 
test:  cache   implementing
truth:  cache   management

test:  get a list of path from the registry .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  merges two strings into a single way .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   draw
truth:  merge   struct

test:  returns used to opennebula from a directory .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  this generator iterates over a set of integer data .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  interpolated   pulls
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  can make sure the regression loc a regression where the regression is the same as the standard way for both are passed in .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  helper to generate a new <tag_name> test based on tag .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  for routines that return a coordinate sequence .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  coordinate   break
truth:  coordinate   operations

test:  returns a dict of files with the given metadata and their metadata .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  returns an iterable of standard extras for the specified path .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  creates a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  shows if required .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   memoizes
truth:  shows   plot

test:  fake implementation of thread .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  internal sign_in labels .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  function   interfacing
truth:  function   axes

test:  test write information .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  test that you cant add slashes if the store is not a store .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  callback for change of the logging loglevel .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse a environment string to a directory .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  add a new name .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  return a tuple of events .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  mask   exposes
truth:  mask   values

test:  allow turning deduping deduping to be deduping .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  use   scramble
truth:  use   @roles

test:  compute nth derivative of v .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   filesize
truth:  compute   derivative

test:  compute crc-32c checksum of data .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return apt command for given commands .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  validates maxstalenessseconds according to integer .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   decreases
truth:  parse   documents

test:  returns a list with authenticated mysql .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  return information about the logical volume(s) cli example: .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  regression test for a column that caused columns in it .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  header   stored
truth:  header   #

test:  returns a datetime of the values of the provided data .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  determine whether a pathname is a size .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  filter   analyzes
truth:  filter   size

test:  sets up the authentication authentication policy .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  let   format_alignment
truth:  let   authentication

test:  generate a random url-safe graph .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  yield   outline
truth:  yield   hex

test:  journalds journalds .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  finds   reported
truth:  finds   function

test:  return a dictionary mapping relevant values .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  dimension a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  limit   supports
truth:  limit   text

test:  remove repeating from task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  in some min/max that are found in a function .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  redefine this fixture to start a celery fixture .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  launch the notification server for the given server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  return true if the current user is a file .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  returns   initializes
truth:  returns   program

test:  used from the salt master file .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  return the absolute path of a path .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns available templates names in a given folder .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   derive
truth:  fetch   templates

test:  return a dict mapping values to be used in error code .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  returns the current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  returns   handles
truth:  returns   site

test:  filters a dictionary b by a to b .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  split object id list into two list with set of commits that have a single object .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  get conll axes according to given axes and axes parameters axes axes axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  copy files from src to dest .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   sanitize
truth:  copy   libraries

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  clusters   touch
truth:  clusters   controller

test:  check if a machine exists in its already exists .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  change the boxes to the file using draftmongomodulestore .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  changes   terminate
truth:  changes   password

test:  open a single element .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of test classes that reside a given suite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   carry
truth:  returns   test

test:  a set of objects not enabled by all have enabled objects .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  return   datasets

test:  turns nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of nested objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   publish
truth:  turns   graph

test:  returns the position of the series of each position in the list of points .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  returns   position

test:  quote an inner attribute of a given string .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  print   display
truth:  print   print

test:  register a new prefix for the given prefix .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   cleaned
truth:  register   configurations

test:  tests the creation of a python source file object .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  test   created
truth:  test   mode

test:  ensures that the named group does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   rising
truth:  ensures   group

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  convert a datetime object into a formatted date .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  call   hits
truth:  call   filter

test:  return a tuple of .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  finished   pulls
truth:  finished   null

test:  return the string for romanize .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  find the network on which the bridge is attached .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  return true if a server is enabled cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  checks whether user can automatic translation translation repository .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  gets the score of a score .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  tell whether a command is changed .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  replace   assigns
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test that reset .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  lookup an encoder .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  return the number of positive weights for which count items in udivisor .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the site for the theme .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  decorator for checking if theres a valid decorator .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  definition : lparen .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  show all wsgi opt and .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  for a single test class that is saved .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  assert   mignotte
truth:  assert   things

test:  test .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  embed   sharpens
truth:  embed   qt

test:  return an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  computes the degree of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  create a bem flow for the given name .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  uses   suppose
truth:  uses   algorithm

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  l{collapsingpumppolicy} is the telnet and its derivatives .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  is   holding
truth:  is   policy

test:  warn if the configuration is not opened .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  converts an collection summary domain object to a given collection .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  place an order by specified order amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  pull shape from a list of arrays .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  get   overwrites
truth:  get   shape

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   fold
truth:  test   backend

test:  return a models model object from the app model .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  get   pushing
truth:  get   model

test:  generate a random dictionary of the given algorithm .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  place   increase
truth:  place   nodes

test:  create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  remove urllib3 headers that are not in the system .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  adds a queryoptions to a search_service_pb .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  adds   formatted
truth:  adds   rate

test:  return a bench name for the given function .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  run pep8 on a given node .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  runs   notes
truth:  runs   asset

test:  release a new amplification value from an equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   sluggified
truth:  get   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  delete server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  runn file fix .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  the absolute path .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns default contact for attendance .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  returns   contact

test:  creates a new tensor .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  create and return a sphinx instance for the given config .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  mutate   pulls
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the sites of the sites group .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get redis pattern .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  return the first provider of a vm or vm cli example: .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  check for a proxy class .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns a sequence of fastq strings .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  makes   assume
truth:  makes   header

test:  generate a random string with alpha and random bytes .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  retrieve the resolved contributions compatible contributions for a given calendar .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieves   inserting
truth:  retrieves   calendar

test:  return an inverse integer array of the inverse integer sizes .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  redirects to the provided job .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  aborts   uploading
truth:  aborts   job

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove the total value of data .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  return   query
truth:  return   position

test:  turns a setup .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  has   checkout
truth:  has   way

test:  elementwise clip function .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  pulls   simplifying
truth:  pulls   range

test:  read a previously modified file .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  read   batch
truth:  read   code

test:  load an affine file from a radsec file .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  converts   quotes
truth:  converts   map

test:  compute the trimmed sample standard deviation .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   simulate
truth:  unset   spec

test:  return true if the xblock is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return the index of non-zero elements that are non-zero in the input array .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  splits dyadic .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  find the source distribution of dist .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  estimate   offset
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  uninstall a python python package by pyenv .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   map
truth:  uninstall   implementation

test:  recursively pack an entry into a list .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  pack   switch
truth:  pack   list

test:  mock harvest can run only on a scenario with error or more than the specified scenario .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns data for given module .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   stores
truth:  escape   name

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  return the about any about the about page .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns all css dependencies .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   write
truth:  returns   dependencies

test:  wrap an iterable over the errback graph .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks if there are uncommitted files .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   whitelisted
truth:  returns   repo

test:  raise an error if expected and a given option parameters iface : expected .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  is this a bad argument .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  does   labeled
truth:  does   file

test:  deletes an exploration .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   coordinates
truth:  deletes   exploration

test:  convert a column string to a column column number .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  return   standardizes
truth:  return   byte

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  return a random password .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  parses a word token word .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  process all files under destination .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  used   customized
truth:  used   salt

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   pulls
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  test if were invalid .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  exit   pulls
truth:  exit   null

test:  trained restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  converts a creation sequence of creation creation in the form of a sun form .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | map .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot the plot density estimate of a time .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create the middle interfaces of the path .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  write   small_stmts
truth:  write   line

test:  create a collection of hosts from user its ok if user does not own these systems .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  reserve   allocate
truth:  reserve   user

test:  change the current directory of a static path .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  return the fingerprints rss url for the given rss url .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  uses a tornado http client to perform http requests .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   barcodes
truth:  uses   http

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get position of a list of ngram .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  function   query
truth:  function   position

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  all supported view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  check if a file has protected protected .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  serve   sleep
truth:  serve   files

test:  retrieves sort keys/directions parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  retrieves   review
truth:  retrieves   keys

test:  verify that the parent argument is valid .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the configuration state in the background inserting cli example: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  get   deflate
truth:  get   config

test:  deletes a configuration option .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  merge many keys in a task to equivalent in dsk1 .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  loads the module number and returns the module to it .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  retrieve   encapsulate
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  represent a sympy expression as a sympy expression .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  dictionary   default
truth:  dictionary   part

test:  lookup the ip address for the specified system .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  override   rendering
truth:  override   routines

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  provision a user on a node .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  load binary image .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  common code between the device extents matrix .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  convert an decrefs or milliseconds matrix to a timedelta object .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for the current diffrenderer .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   safe_octal
truth:  sets   class

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  run all the rabbitmq tests .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  compute cross-talk functions whose multi_returner is more recently permutations .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  compute univariate integer parametric function .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  compute   roots

test:  create a ratio of the specified width .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return a list of the package version or an empty string if the package is not installed .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  verify that certificate is valid and can be verified in using key now .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  go through the generated files and update the url .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  add   sleep
truth:  add   files

test:  creates a set of the starting path for a given app .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  make   redirecting
truth:  make   entity

test:  draw a string to the random channel .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  draws   regressiont
truth:  draws   index

test:  returns the audit .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  get   decorating
truth:  get   log

test:  return a list of top-level float if it has a step .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  determines   reinitialize
truth:  determines   subset

test:  if nothing .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  return options to the appscale options .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  check if the ip address is a valid subnet .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  validate   based
truth:  validate   address

test:  read tag data from file and return as json .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test creating chart using all required values .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  test   labels
truth:  test   transform

test:  return the tag tag from a volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  retrieve   building
truth:  retrieve   tag

test:  wrapper around site class which obtains a database instance .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  retrieves   clip
truth:  retrieves   record

test:  adds --run-without-docker option .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  add   cause
truth:  add   option

test:  helper for comparing an mri .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  calculate   ignores
truth:  calculate   meg

test:  generating default arguments are not always use repr() .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  insert a given element into the last element .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  return dataframe year : gdp_yoy : pi :(%) si :(%) industry:(%) ti :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  return   unzip
truth:  return   year

test:  conditionally return all of the user supplied prefix .
truth: return env . 
test:  return   accept
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  return true if file exists .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  the case of the first element in a sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  sort   supports
truth:  sort   text

test:  gets user name .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  allow view to be authorized to pass in session .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  renders   occurring
truth:  renders   authorization

test:  default implementation of component .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  returns true if there is in encoding encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  check that a file contains montage .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  help   pulls
truth:  help   null

test:  the function to be used with scenario and return the mutant where the nearest value is the individual abcissa .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all inbound outbox messages go here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  an empty thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  pulls   express
truth:  pulls   -

test:  return true if the named service is available .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fit a coil .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  fit   offset
truth:  fit   parameters

test:  returns true if the request is enabled .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the integral of the alternatives that can be used to perform alternatives .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  switch to the server .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  attempt   gzipped
truth:  attempt   completion

test:  revoke a user from a client .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   theorem
truth:  revoke   privileges

test:  project version detail view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   bring
truth:  project   page

test:  down a dictionary for the derivation .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  make   parsefile
truth:  make   descriptor

test:  open a new web database with the given flags .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a task that can be used .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  fetch   redirecting
truth:  fetch   entity

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a random integer not being used .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  recursively walk a sequence of dicts .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  maps   configured
truth:  maps   tree

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the diff of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  pulls   renders
truth:  pulls   series

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  creates the number of cells used in order to stop .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  dragonfly doji .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  adds a new plugin for the current language .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  a decorator that creates a sync method for methods that use sync sync .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  like err .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  convert floats for common prefix into a slightly python code .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  substitute   pulls
truth:  substitute   null

test:  tests to ensure the uuid used by a uuid mapping .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  tests   pipe
truth:  tests   validator

test:  get the list of integer available .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  this method will return a revision' tool for the received .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  collect   restoring
truth:  collect   data

test:  convert an uri to a os uri .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  check   crack
truth:  check   _

test:  assert that the supplied value is not d .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  test covariance matrix .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   climb
truth:  test   covariance

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  retrieve a list of all breakpoints .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read in package data from hdf5 file .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  try   rising
truth:  try   group

test:  deletes a query that go go over all tasks .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  renders a comment to the comment .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  handle   abstract_declarator_opt
truth:  handle   submission

test:  generate a pauli matrix for adjacency data .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  generate random string .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  try to run matching the filters .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  checks   instantiate
truth:  checks   arguments

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   form
truth:  add   side

test:  elementwise natural logarithm plus one function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  returns a list of topics trees that are not linked to courseware .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   stops
truth:  returns   topic

test:  decorator that converts a function to a specific attribute .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  convert a string value to a 0 or false string .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract messages from mako templates .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sanitize s in javascript .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  request to have state state for a problem as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  request   currents
truth:  request   state

test:  factory function for reflected .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  automatically connect an image for a file .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test installing a package with same directory .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  create a new cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  compares two strings using reverse wavelets .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  compare   poll
truth:  compare   versions

test:  truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  truncates   supports
truth:  truncates   text

test:  test classification report with datasets .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  like dict .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  reverses   pulls
truth:  reverses   null

test:  validates that the given password matches the expected hash of the user .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  hashes   terminate
truth:  hashes   password

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   stderr
truth:  gets   machine

test:  return a dict with state -> list of type device .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  returns the country token for a mobile token .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test that a task with existing task classes .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  convert a optimizer .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  adapted   lambda
truth:  adapted   django

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  remove a key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  return a right-stochastic for the graph g .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  returns   permutation

test:  "date" -> utf-8 time .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  return timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  test time period .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  reboot a pending system .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  return whether the system is supported by running transparency .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  is   plucks
truth:  is   window

test:  return true if the wishart-distributed and no multiple additional depth is the same code .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  harmless each setup each setup the each setup .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  gets information about a vpc peering connection .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  returns a helper function from a source file or raise a line .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test valid python path .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   supports
truth:  test   text

test:  save a sequence or a dict representation of obj .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  convert a given encoding to a native string .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  make   hover
truth:  make   bytes

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   rollbacks
truth:  decide   desktop

test:  handle scaling of data .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  list all the folders under the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  returns true if input is related to the time .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return linear gradient of a sound gradient .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  get data view from mne object instance like raw .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   permutates
truth:  get   epochs

test:  look through a certain bucket metadata and return a dict of all other metadata files .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   resample
truth:  looks   directories

test:  convert a coefficient date to the number of days .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  collect zip bag by given position .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  pulls   blink
truth:  pulls   zip

test:  given a valid timestamp of a sequence of polynomials .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  return   drops
truth:  return   call

test:  test if cache is deactivated in private-browsing mode .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  test   post_save
truth:  test   metadata

test:  helper to apply a model from a deployment .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  computes the unrank rank for a given matrix .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  gives   pulls
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a list of test applications .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  if any of the files which match a original file .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensures   sleep
truth:  ensures   files

test:  get all the theme names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  this function creates a socket for use with the bigmem .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  watch if the user has write access to the given datetime object .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return a list of meters by a project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   correct
truth:  execute   async

test:  create a new repo of the decorated function .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  get the list of files from mercurial .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  run   point
truth:  run   status

test:  a decorator useful to run a test case against a method or skiptest .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return a user-agent identifier for the current process .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get all volumes belonging to a service .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  return true if the given url has scheme .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  sets the number of sets .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   define
truth:  sets   path

test:  convert a timestamp into a datetime .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  clean a 2d array of scores .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  initialise a scenario that will initialise a cluster on the given cluster .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a buffer of the first evaluators evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  only load if the keystone module is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fix the sys .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   inputhook
truth:  fix   sys

test:  migrate non-reference fields containing l{tuple} and restore them to find similar methods that are not called with similar to this migrations .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  check   lcmv
truth:  check   models

test:  fixture which provides a etreefx for tests .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  reverse the parameters of a view .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  pulls   simplify
truth:  pulls   urlresolvers

test:  returns true if path looks like an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  tests the report report of a report .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  fill in local state of a bridge .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  determine if the provided repository is a malicious malicious repository and contains integerize changeset revision .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  context manager to check the previous output of previous code .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a list of valid values of serial serial .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  construct a user-agent suitable for use in the system .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  checks   map
truth:  checks   implementation

test:  require a portage package to be installed .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  deregister the given class .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  remove   label
truth:  remove   custom

test:  fft and use a simple performance of n .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  demo   created
truth:  demo   mode

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  submit a command to its name .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  wrap   uploading
truth:  wrap   job

test:  steps that match groups takes them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   swallows
truth:  create   fault

test:  calculate the discrete log of a to the discrete log of a vector steps .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  parse results specific to the clade proportions c .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  pulls   lcmv
truth:  pulls   models

test:  channel indication section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  rebuild reduction .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get ssh key for the certificate from plotly .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  retrieve   inform
truth:  retrieve   entry

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  construct an open node .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  performs median/wpgmc clusters on a given axis .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  translates syntax into the syntax for the given file .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  rewrites   capturing
truth:  rewrites   error

test:  legacy a str .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  sleep for timing to catch .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates maxstalenessseconds according to the model .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  validate   post_save
truth:  validate   metadata

test:  use this decorator to wrap actions that span more than one entity .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  filter a sequence of symbols entries which yields lines of a set of opmapentry .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  yield   enroll
truth:  yield   iterator

test:  get the fetch from the device .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  query   review
truth:  query   keys

test:  sample a sphere matrix that can be used to sphere .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  this is a bit evil - return either of the argument .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if platform is a powershell powershell powershell .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  determine   authenticate
truth:  determine   powershell

test:  compute formal variables for f(x) or constants .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  count the words in a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  adds   carve
truth:  adds   word

test:  imports imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   pulls
truth:  imports   null

test:  print the procedure tag .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the composite transform of a factory .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  build the line_len_limit or directory dialog .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  build   stays
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  prints the usage .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  prints   compose
truth:  prints   usage

test:  return a value from a rest interface .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   shared
truth:  deserialize   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  checks for "conda .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  normalizes   retrive
truth:  normalizes   checks

test:  wrapper to the database cli example: .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  run   lambda
truth:  run   django

test:  estimate matrix for variance with continuous process parameters ar : array_like residual coefficients of time series with coefficients : array_like residual for which arma of same number of observations coefficients
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the name of the process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  name   instantiate
truth:  name   arguments

test:  make a repository .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  checks   fallocate
truth:  checks   admin

test:  only load if the mysql module is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  executing all types that we find in a statement .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   autoreleased
truth:  executing   types

test:  creates a form field from a form field with the same column type .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  start a machine by name .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   stderr
truth:  start   machine

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  run a shell command as subprocess .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  dummy function to generate the request to be used in the modules to generate a web page .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  configures   offset
truth:  configures   parameters

test:  gets all the agreement for a single user with specified user_id .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  records   allocate
truth:  records   user

test:  read comments from a egg file .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  find   dataframe
truth:  find   comments

test:  compute the sigmoid kernel kernel x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  return a function for a cffi type given a cffi type as a cffi .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  when a process fails .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  detach   colorized
truth:  detach   context

test:  test installing a wheel using -e in setup .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  returns the description of a python structure .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  drop and append resetdb .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  clear   responds
truth:  clear   database

test:  returns true if *obj* is 'class .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  shortcut   pulls
truth:  shortcut   null

test:  dump details of a given launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  estimates the cdf function -- the first frechet function .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  init init .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  returns the logs usage logs if it is not enabled .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  set the scheduled_at field of an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  clear   looping
truth:  clear   node

test:  take a list of msb .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  add a parameters and its shared parameters .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  replace   offset
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the windows computer description :return: returns a list field on the current computer .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   unpublicizes
truth:  set   description

test:  return a single column of a .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  convert   overwrites
truth:  convert   shape

test:  decode a slice string containing a slice list of features .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decode   enhanced
truth:  decode   object

test:  given a itemfield body given a body of sending .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  encode   flow
truth:  encode   fields

test:  deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructtimestampassetid" .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   search
truth:  deconstructs   d

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return a list of all the analytics revisions by the given id .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  given   capitalizes
truth:  given   revision

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 installed .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  construct a version ports with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  the legacy format of --local format in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   been
truth:  test   format

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   remove
truth:  save   history

test:  return request instance .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a context manager which can be updated in the given http request .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  change   bench
truth:  change   value

test:  restart a vm by performing a hard factorization .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  restrict input type to the positive numbers .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  restrict   teardown
truth:  restrict   type

test:  wait to wait for a prompt .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  make   draft
truth:  make   prompt

test:  tests for a method with a iterations .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  wrap   promote
truth:  wrap   warnings

test:  register a custom plugin supported .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  add a domains of domains to sqlite .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  registers   estimating
truth:  registers   domains

test:  adds appropriate settings to a value in the settings .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  adds   solve
truth:  adds   settings

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  setup the itunes sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  it should extract step step correctly .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  mark the user as main level of the browse .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  browse   utf-8
truth:  browse   argument

test:  setup fritz!box call sensor sensor .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  does the forward sunspot to orient .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  check   looking
truth:  check   operator

test:  chebyshev polynomial of degree of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  coefficients   acquiring
truth:  coefficients   bessel

test:  get authentication url .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  try   access
truth:  try   url

test:  reads the contents of a document and return as list .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  the command-line arguments are equal .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the configuration directory from the parser_name file .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  turns a possibly file into a byte string .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  performs a matlab image .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  returns the message on the line .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  change username .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   embedded
truth:  change   example

test:  create an association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  define a plain fails .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  create a new network cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  readers with whitespace .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  convert the function f as a clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  pulls   evaluate
truth:  pulls   clip

test:  tests if the python implementation obtains the matlab function .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return a list of files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  remove interfaces from a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   paging
truth:  remove   interface

test:  inject a set of subclass into a response .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  locates locates args: user_id: enrollment for the given user .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  test the classes that would be found in a simple class .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a file object .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  view to track locales that use the pages locales .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  disconnect signals from discussion .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   extends
truth:  disconnect   signals

test:  test syntax from obj .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  a helper function to read from a file .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  list   tells
truth:  list   vdis

test:  wrapper around vm_stat .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  default   go
truth:  default   channels

test:  clear the minion from the y .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  add a slash .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  make a ast for a given filename .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   reconstruct
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  put   encode
truth:  put   mac

test:  get a sorted collection of collection sorted from input collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   attempt
truth:  make   extension

test:  return a piece-wise string with indexing values from the given pointer to a "gold .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  creates   ridge
truth:  creates   qcolor

test:  put a custom password file to be changed .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   alignment
truth:  update   section

test:  make sure the vcenter for the desired connection with a vcenter .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  look up a line of the lines from a the file .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribes a user to a creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   allocate
truth:  subscribes   user

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   stacking
truth:  restore   grid

test:  simple wrapper for generalized .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  sort   map
truth:  sort   implementation

test:  register a new service .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  filelinks: test class on path .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  compute the eigenvector centrality for nodes in the graph .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  geocoding is a city .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  computes the number of bits between x and targets .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  -   sparks
truth:  -   number

test:  remove the sender senderkey from the registry .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  delete a health key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  return the package id for the given package name .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test merging user to another user .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  change the group and group id of a file .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send notification via deactivated .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  deactivate   downloading
truth:  deactivate   package

test:  send email with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return the ancestors of the process .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  load and register a new backend backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  installs   downloading
truth:  installs   package

test:  ensure we can tokenize without spaces .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   mignotte
truth:  ensure   things

test:  ensure that we can read a file from git checkout .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  ensure   invokes
truth:  ensure   works

test:  create a new autoscaler for the specified instance .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  checks if user can download report .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  tests   allocate
truth:  tests   user

test:  gpu_from_host) -> .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a process name from a process .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  process   equalize
truth:  process   email

test:  sometimes is a unique attribute plus one of the pil .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  construct the values of a collection of model read from the inputs of observers .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  return info on an image cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get all privs cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  adding some switches to the first bother info .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  remove screen .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  format   encrypt
truth:  format   screen

test:  makes a miller-rabin coefficient for a sigmoid cluster .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  return a human-readable string from django 1 .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  decorator to trigger a client for docker docker ipython .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a profile method to apply the current time to a specific profile .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  implement numpys and came for probability vectors .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  check   collecting
truth:  check   b

test:  return true if the user exists .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if path is a system .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  helper method to get the current packet .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  initialize bookmark completion model .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   lcmv
truth:  initialize   models

test:  add group type access for the group .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get path to data home directory .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return whether or not we are supported by the given cacert .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the maximum of the minimum value along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  returns   variance

test:  parse the text representation of a single directive directive .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  make sure ast can compile valid tuple .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  generates the activation sigmoid list of activation .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  compute   mimics
truth:  compute   activation

test:  get a by name from name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  remove special characters from path .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  view to edit over a given field for a group .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  view   rising
truth:  view   group

test:  set the multinomial variable name in the reg to add to the local namespace .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   vms
truth:  edit   thread

test:  compares and merge them .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  exclude   tsv
truth:  exclude   components

test:  create pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  get a homogeneity link of x and b .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network device inventory information .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   igor
truth:  print   device

test:  return a process .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  validate   cleave
truth:  validate   providers

test:  retrieves the kernel of the instance from django .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  inject a percentage from its cached into a single surface .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  transform   splitting
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will translate a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get list of doctypes from fixes .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  can be camelcased .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  verify   summarize
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  test for valid chargeback handler .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  returns a wsgi field from a field .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  used   dtype
truth:  used   arg

test:  returns a string with the current password .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  return the memory status code for combining f(x) if no more than z is specified .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  expand   constrained
truth:  expand   functions

test:  get the status of a local user .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  read metamorph stk header of file and return as a dictionary .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns the contents of the groupings of the groupings .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  delete all files under folder .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  clean   assume
truth:  clean   header

test:  get the due date based on a posting party .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  a function which can be called in a request to the entire application and the fritz!box and the message header .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  about the about page .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  converts a datetime into a formatted int .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  add the host for the identity module to the region environment .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  returns true if the given process name is a repository file .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  store the descendants of a given model .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  a context manager which changes the 'activate' .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  replaces database .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  fixture   emit
truth:  fixture   access

test:  replace any top-level keys in a module with the canonical string .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns all courses courses sorted by course_key .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  return a file paths for the current vim cwd the name of the file .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  fixture to create a function variable .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  a polys replace() for the node .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  display   looping
truth:  display   node

test:  ensure that a github user is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs of a patch .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  decorator to temporarily return a container .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  assures   satisfy
truth:  assures   container

test:  returns a database schema function which returns a list of instance .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  parse a nested record flags .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  dump info about an error message but continue .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  test zero or operators .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  assert   dispatch
truth:  assert   operators

test:  update email enabled .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  enable   unserialize
truth:  enable   integration

test:  samples the params of the path .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  implement   inplace
truth:  implement   ovs

test:  configure the specified address on a user .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns a batch for an image .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  get tool shed from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  resize image at once .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  resize   forwards
truth:  resize   image

test:  jpeg data in jfif format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  test for a cache line .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup tellstick switches .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  returns a string that unset the default value for a key .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  get   urlencode
truth:  get   item

test:  write the pip metadata to an not .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns auth information for authentication .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  apply function to values of a sequence of arguments .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  chained   float
truth:  chained   decorator

test:  drop out empty source file .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  set the providers providers providers to an existing one .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  populate   responds
truth:  populate   database

test:  when a user is created .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  return a file modification time as a file .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  load observatory database from sites .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  writes the message to the log file using the trace level .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   randomise
truth:  writes   message

test:  raise skiptest if the test decorator is true parameters skip_condition : _lazylock .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  run flowgrams on all sff folders .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  clean   labeled
truth:  clean   file

test:  create and initialize a astroid node .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  return the applications environment .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  rebuilds   access
truth:  rebuilds   url

test:  create sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  call a function .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  print   considering
truth:  print   debug

test:  map a 2d array of x to a set of points .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  convolve   patched
truth:  convolve   y

test:  check if a certain array is multilabel .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  check   patched
truth:  check   y

test:  remove a file or directory .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  recursive   activate
truth:  recursive   delete

test:  which modules are valid .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  checks whether the input part of a part of a part file is probably the same line .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  test installing a nonexistent extra extra command .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   loads
truth:  rolls   changes

test:  returns the natural logarithm of the erfc function at the next plot .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  compute the zipline discounted targets computes the standard error .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  given   bitcast
truth:  given   boxes

test:  kill a .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  blend an image .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  blend   indicating
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  calculates the maximum order for the first column of the b .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  write a file into disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   restricts
truth:  get   inset

test:  code mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  check that sparse oneclasssvm works on sparse result .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  view function for dbms an dbms fetch .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  verify if required setup are valid .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  validates   demonstrates
truth:  validates   setup

test:  assign to a given object .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  get user copy of the user .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  creates model_class items for an html document args: user_id: list of pairs of html attributes .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  take   drawing
truth:  take   tags

test:  parse an html list of strings into a dictionary .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  used   exposes
truth:  used   values

test:  return the first [a of an array .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load page from an app .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  tries to get the encoding used by the locale for the application .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  encoding   pending
truth:  encoding   default

test:  return a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  delete an bookmark object for components of the bookmark and its contents .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  delete   referenced
truth:  delete   bookmark

test:  calculate the linear difference between two reduced and idx_list .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a long option name to a valid python identifier by changing "-" to "_" .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the current set of file .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  finds a string or end .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  normalize univariate topics .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  profile   plan
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create a topojson function for marshalling .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  convert uid name to a user interface .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   was
truth:  convert   uid

test:  creates a :class:flask app for underspecified application .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  returns   roundrobin
truth:  returns   application

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   routes
truth:  computes   chebyshev

test:  get a list of attribute-descriptor for an artist of tokens .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  dedent the indentation level .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  dedent   gauss
truth:  dedent   strings

test:  handler for change user .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  wait for a redis worker to become active .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  compare surfaces for comparison .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  pulls   sentiment
truth:  pulls   bem

test:  write a tree to a stream .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  print   configured
truth:  print   tree

test:  organize corrected commands .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  yields   exploit
truth:  yields   duplicates

test:  computes multivariate normal distribution for both finding and small and small .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns a hash suitable for logging by this file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  quote text for inserting into a shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  text   supports
truth:  text   text

test:  get a token to session and raise exception if ref is not found .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  return a nuttall top window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  formats a number as if c is running .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  check   computes
truth:  check   cell

test:  log a message .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  a generator that yields corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  toggle data register d0 port .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  split and clean the candidate for attributes from the given list of keys .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  return   centers
truth:  return   labels

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  a decorator converts a caller function into a caller function .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a dictionary with the default database options .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  given a source file .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  sign   mutes
truth:  sign   app

test:  return a 405 engine .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  load   mixed
truth:  load   engine

test:  return an understandable .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  search releases for a dict and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  plot the correct dataset .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   reported
truth:  plot   function

test:  extract a list of trees that have trees for the given trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  search   configured
truth:  search   tree

test:  find all packages found in repositories for specified root .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen argument_expression_list rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  pulls   facilitates
truth:  pulls   postfix_expression

test:  removes the local context for the local file .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  removes   deconvolves
truth:  removes   level

test:  write the measurement info file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   populating
truth:  write   info

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   tend
truth:  get   chunk

test:  perform a bunch of servers against an interval .
truth: factory function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  find and return vera switches .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   travel
truth:  find   vera

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  encodes   skipped
truth:  encodes   use

test:  simple helper to help with the current reporter and that returns a simple record if a file already been emitted by c{maintype} it fails with the information .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  helper function to output a list of positional and delete all commands in key .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  default csrf token for requests .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  determine the location of the process that a given deferred are valid .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   flattens
truth:  verifies   output

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  read *exactly* until a single geodjango is matched bytes from the given char .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   extracts
truth:  read   socket

test:  gets the value of the core apps .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  get a subscription .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  add a list of ipv6 addresses into the ipv6 address .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  add   ensures
truth:  add   anything

test:  convert a buffer and return an equivalent buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  add users to the field .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the ignored digest for a path .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  create a functions useful for a list of arguments .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  function to return the list of the given data .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   do
truth:  convert   hashes

test:  returns the function at the bottom of a function .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python source code to be a regular expression .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  evaluate   shared
truth:  evaluate   string

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test no items .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  test   unpatch
truth:  test   matching

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   iterates
truth:  escape   comment

test:  convert a string into an integer according to the ith point .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  decide whether one item in sequence are equal .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test test objective function .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  used to echo strings to echo back into a database .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  echo   reported
truth:  echo   function

test:  ensure that a security group exists .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  checks if the given parameters exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  create some docked cuda columns .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   plucks
truth:  create   window

test:  reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  reboot   squared
truth:  reboot   vms

test:  return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_class_name* .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   alter
truth:  return   mock

test:  create a new volume .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  load a list of module instances from a given module .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   switch
truth:  load   list

test:  poweroff a running system .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  compute a change of label before a change of labels .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  compute   deprecate
truth:  compute   cpu

test:  return root directory path .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  deprecated   flip
truth:  deprecated   python

test:  check to see if the given topics exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  find all possible actions for its dimension .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  find   holding
truth:  find   policy

test:  yaml: dynamic dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return true if the image is consistent .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  type: - list: a generator of tuples or tuple of any duplicate values .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a frontend version string .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  normalize   extract
truth:  normalize   version

test:  stop section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   alignment
truth:  stop   section

test:  return the type for the objects .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check for the existence of a table for the specified table .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  return whether the request in the request is considered from the request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  parses   access
truth:  parses   url

test:  get the evaluated boolean .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  outline a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  returns the value in iterable that maps keys to true .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  helper function to hide button from the fields in the body for the erroneous used in the order to make a dictionary .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  hide   resizes
truth:  hide   icon

test:  recursively copy an item from a dictionary .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  pulls   svn
truth:  pulls   dicts

test:  return a taxon identifier according to the given string .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  quotes   utf-8
truth:  quotes   argument

test:  attach tree text to a custom build entry .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  return spectral clustering of graph as a bipartition graph .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  unsolve or answer .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  accept   reauthenticates
truth:  accept   answer

test:  run the unittest suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  to see all password certain auth references .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  template   constrained
truth:  template   functions

test:  formats a graph to a dot format .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  export   located
truth:  export   method

test:  set arguments for image .
truth: process part . 
test:  process   default
truth:  process   part

test:  converts a lowercase name into its uploads parts .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  convert   submitted
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  enqueues the best matching s .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  deletes packages by major and versions .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  update   poll
truth:  update   versions

test:  ensure that given named alias is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  when a process fails .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  return a class from the module classes .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  test if source file extension is completely on .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  writes the special string representation of an output file .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  allocate an alloc timedelta .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   pulls
truth:  allocate   null

test:  read an s3 bucket from a path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  read the parameters into a list of parameters .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   offset
truth:  read   parameters

test:  retry flaky run for tests that are flaky .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  provides the ps for a process id .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  table with col starts with col values .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a storage object with the get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  generate a number .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   implied
truth:  generate   seed

test:  flattens a list of unique elements into a single iterable .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a given template to the extra templating .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  test rasterization missing .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  check   randomise
truth:  check   message

test:  remove all user from a course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   cut
truth:  remove   tab

test:  convert a string for inclusion in a python 3 integer into its component .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  extract   search
truth:  extract   d

test:  get list of page size .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  print a list of tuples .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   understemmed
truth:  prints   results

test:  negotiate and waits for upgrade a astroid request .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  try   fix
truth:  try   websocket

test:  initialize the release level module with the given arguments .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  clone   decompresses
truth:  clone   flocker

test:  jacobian matrix of the network => = n - pressure first .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  obtain the designated vendor from the show model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   pushing
truth:  obtain   model

test:  quit from input .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  quit   clones
truth:  quit   server

test:  sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  check if img2 is an integer .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  view that handles the password of the reset .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  start the configuration options from the candidate server .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  builds   freezing
truth:  builds   configuration

test:  download and build fasttree then copy it to the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   coerce
truth:  download   swarm

test:  returns hardcoded term with degree values of degree in dictionaries parameters n : int number of space returns fima : array_like sequence of weighting coefficients .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 algorithm .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  this reads the menu .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  shows   compressing
truth:  shows   menu

test:  computes active integer from colors .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the thread for a wsgi request .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  initializes   ellipsoid
truth:  initializes   pool

test:  return a trivial graph with trivial probability for the graph g .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  checks if item is of an instance of the consumed .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check that error is deduced .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test copy append .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the search for a given file .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  grep   labeled
truth:  grep   file

test:  return a subdictionary object for the requested prefix .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  a regex that runs a boolean to a given python expression .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  converts   failing
truth:  converts   style

test:  this endpoint is ensembl .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  search   slave_open
truth:  search   media

test:  return the background usr .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  drops   allocate
truth:  drops   user

test:  fixture that mocks and returns a mx_domains .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  patches   assign
truth:  patches   requests

test:  unmount a one or more devices cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  deletes files from a path .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  reset   colorized
truth:  reset   context

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  check if site-packages is a valid python version .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  sets a log level level level level level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  creates a course mode for all created created .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  add   created
truth:  add   mode

test:  model a case while uploading the simple group .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  returns true if the given agent is a common ua .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  pulls   obtained
truth:  pulls   clients

test:  check a strong fields is editable .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and upgrade to bench .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns decoded decoded from dbms specific hexadecimal representation .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  decodes   bench
truth:  decodes   value

test:  hypergeometric with respect to the spde .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  associate current user with data in provided email address .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  return   inform
truth:  return   entry

test:  encode a python function as unicode .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  get the ssh version of an ssh .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return a groups from the snmp snmp data .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   prepares
truth:  disable   router

test:  gets the current api version .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  show   stopped
truth:  show   statistics

test:  gets the environment changes on the folders .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  marks a callback as wanting to receive the current context object as first argument .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns the content of the cached content .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  retrieves   darken
truth:  retrieves   piece

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  return   utf-8
truth:  return   argument

test:  counts the number of numbers in a list .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  counts   returned
truth:  counts   numbers

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  track an array as an array .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   restrict
truth:  normalize   array

test:  compute the circular variance for samples assumed to be in a range parameters samples : array-like to be converted to the range of samples assumed by samples .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   containing
truth:  allocate   ip

test:  returns the shape of an integer in x .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits sequences of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  adds a public property class instance to cls .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  sets   defines
truth:  sets   attributes

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  produces a nn initialization dict .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decorator for views that alter a view .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  test that completion completion completion doesnt cause an unknown message .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  decorator to require the specified aggregate exists .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a dersequence object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decode an html representation of the given decoding .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  flattens   pulls
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  this function is called to create an annotation of the feature .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the pivoted field of any expectation .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrap some text to a single paragraph of wrap .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   supported
truth:  wrap   paragraph

test:  install a certificate from a keychain cert_name the keychain to remove the certificate to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   traverse
truth:  install   cert

test:  restart all nodes on the local node .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  display a command in the user .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  print   constrained
truth:  print   functions

test:  decrypt encrypted_data in python .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  deletes registration on a zone .
truth: register the device . 
test:  register   igor
truth:  register   device

test:  compute the length of a matrix from a given interval .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  hash   recreate
truth:  hash   portion

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  find shortest path lengths from source to target in a weighted graph g .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return sympy dir path .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  create a fake payment_instruction .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   compare
truth:  create   payment

test:  helper to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  delete containers for a container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  remove   mounts
truth:  remove   objects

test:  load the modified file modified from the indicator .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  output the contents of a node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  merge the first keys in a list .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   reallocation
truth:  merge   collection

test:  delete a metadef object or raise if namespace doesnt exist .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  returns the id and path of the discussion id for the specified xblock .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  a decorator that marks an action function from the given action function .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  hack   using
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or many roles to a user cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  grant   serves
truth:  grant   roles

test:  imports and returns a required error message from a module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  prints out the limits process .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  gets   negate
truth:  gets   resource

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   gauss
truth:  test   strings

test:  multiply f modulo a constant term in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   uncheck
truth:  multiply   element

test:  it should extract regular step correctly .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  recursive function for decompress and returns a inverse of the input string .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   shared
truth:  ask   string

test:  convert an arp ip address from csf to mac address .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  pulls   combined
truth:  pulls   ipv4

test:  return dns source file (given system discover off and cpan cli example: .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   catching
truth:  enable   quota

test:  displays whether remote events is on remote server .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   fitnesse
truth:  displays   events

test:  returns a tuple of the pootle numbers .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  computes   imports
truth:  computes   coefficient

test:  progress service section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  progress   alignment
truth:  progress   section

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  attempt to strip leading space from a base header .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  optimized   calc_footprint
truth:  optimized   strip

test:  return expected applications .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  system information type 8 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return the server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  gets an sms representation of the supplied phone number .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create an exponential exponential delay with exponential delay .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   yield
truth:  returns   bool

test:  grub grub generator .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  iterates   show
truth:  iterates   notes

test:  test recovery ica components raw twice components .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test for unittest .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  attach a json story representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   populating
truth:  attach   info

test:  update the version number in both year and year .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  update   returned
truth:  update   numbers

test:  example of geonode strategy .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  sends   nested
truth:  sends   segment

test:  ciphering assignment section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  ciphering   alignment
truth:  ciphering   section

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ site-local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  this function takes a number and moves it to a year .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  calculate   minpoly(add
truth:  calculate   words

test:  return a logical uuid of the logical cluster .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  determines   tracks
truth:  determines   urls

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  return true iff interface is running on a system .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  tries to click an element and waits for an explicit template .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  internal function to echo back into a single module and display the resulting data structure .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  echo   pulls
truth:  echo   null

test:  finds the first query from a list of comment prioritize .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  yield   prioritized
truth:  yield   messages

test:  applies any field or tuple in a dict mapping .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  iterate   flow
truth:  iterate   fields

test:  decorator to allow courses courses to a list of accessible to be created .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  list   disconnect
truth:  list   courses

test:  returns the theano function that can be used in theano shape .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  simplify   array
truth:  simplify   computation

test:  returns a base64 encoded hash of the user .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  decodes an entity into a entity_pb .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  prepares   redirecting
truth:  prepares   entity

test:  same as x .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test textures .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert the input value into a boolean like so: >> make_boolean true >> make_boolean false >> make_boolean(1) true >> make_boolean(0) false >> make_boolean(+) true >> make_boolean(-) false .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  write a client packet to a socket .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  update example file from local rst .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  takes   labeled
truth:  takes   file

test:  run command and return its stdout .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  ensure that the named grafana is absent name the unique name of the job to remove job of the job group .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   uploading
truth:  ensure   job

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  parses a file from an author .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  read   pasted
truth:  read   feed

test:  delete pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that a portage user is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  helper function to call conda .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  disassociate a floating ip from a server .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  modify the quality of functions in a colors .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test bootstrap of config file should gracefully gracefully .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  function that measures the cross entropy between the target and the output: .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  computes the logistic loss function .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  filters all items in a sequence .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  get all user details .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   isolate
truth:  get   policies

test:  set a todo message to be executed .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the filter values from type of *x* .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   exposes
truth:  find   values

test:  test chart rendering with a classes .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  returns a phone code for a phone number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  find   execute
truth:  find   region

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  plot a list of scaling vectors .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  generate   parens
truth:  generate   figure

test:  substitute the space of a function inside a sequence of characters .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  print a string representation of a string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   shared
truth:  print   string

test:  this method encodes the encoded string for indexing .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  returns the size of a device .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check that the user is the required anonymous errors .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create a new set of pairs in the zip ngram .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  extract   pocsuite
truth:  extract   n

test:  configures the values in the effective zpool .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  returns a uniformly randomstreams .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  ancillary function for bug of viewport steps .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  parse a filename or returns a relative url .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  parse   wanted
truth:  parse   filename

test:  returns filesystemloader initialized to res/templates .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  extract information from files with a list of sources .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  construct the packet find out from the xenapi host reference .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  returns a set of cookie construction .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   orders
truth:  generate   alias

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  a response has the runtime_config: and its status from the response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to multiline .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   translated
truth:  write   g

test:  year/month iso8601-formatted date .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  show   focused
truth:  show   dates

test:  fixture which provides a fake config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  get the interrupt notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to python packages are up to all python
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  generates the alternating group on n elements as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   rising
truth:  generates   group

test:  clear all logs stored in the current buffer .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clear   hacked
truth:  clear   buffer

test:  when an exception prefix is raised .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  generate   randomise
truth:  generate   message

test:  return the md5 line of a file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  returns a string with text .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  displays   returned
truth:  displays   numbers

test:  get item from a workaround or object .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  note: the current table from the given pool .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  tries to parse a single line of the given line .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  skirt the file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  determine if a minimal combination is valid .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  handle to add two nodes that are returned by a post .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  ignores   restart
truth:  ignores   account

test:  returns a random prefix based on the prefix .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  helper function to check if a field is valid .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  check   produces
truth:  check   identity

test:  returns the string representation of the given width .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  pulls   dereference
truth:  pulls   width

test:  writes the given data to a file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  return true if filename may be included in filename .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  only load fit_constraint if needed .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  initialize   freezing
truth:  initialize   configuration

test:  returns: mntd .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  find   highlight
truth:  find   row

test:  returns a list of indent from hint .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  testing that the proposed output quotes the right quotes is clever for double quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  add tasks to html5lib task .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   requesting
truth:  revoke   i

test:  returns the difference between two attributes .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  runs a command on a remote host .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  load the social login form .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   colorized
truth:  load   context

test:  verify that the datastore is a valid error .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test that unbounded reallocation works with unbounded values .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   located
truth:  mock   method

test:  parse and build a list of strings from file separated by file separated by file .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  add a message to the visible attribute for the space .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  populate   flattening
truth:  populate   field

test:  returns the location of a given file .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  returns   outline
truth:  returns   hex

test:  cast arg into an int or int .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  attempts   contributed
truth:  attempts   t

test:  returns a timestamp for a time .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  pulls   childnodes
truth:  pulls   timestamp

test:  a custom messages that is not in a custom context .
truth: show django . 
test:  show   lambda
truth:  show   django

test:  this is a helper function to determine if a path is within a dependency within a dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  detect   define
truth:  detect   path

test:  get the values of a function .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  language: pt-br -> language code supports french .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  reset warning .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  set   pings
truth:  set   behavior

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   uplink
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   hanging
truth:  initialize   variables

test:  attach a logging handler to the python root logger excludes loggers that this library itself uses to avoid infinite recursion .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  setup   attriute
truth:  setup   stdout

test:  compute a flat element into a given path .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  calculates the most recent majority .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  assumes   centers
truth:  assumes   labels

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  retry   reported
truth:  retry   function

test:  congestion section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  control   alignment
truth:  control   section

test:  returns a list of handlers from a string .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  return the current user .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate internal function of a string .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  reverse the search for history events .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  load bom into cache file .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  run a command and capture output .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  the html message in the xml text .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  test installing from a virtualenv-local from a pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  decorator that permitted a stack for a tenant .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  pulls   isolate
truth:  pulls   policies

test:  parse a single dict of input data into a dictionary .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  get the list of image info .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return certain version of the current linux distribution in file .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  normalizes a n*m matrix so that the principal components of x can be later .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  standard filter factory to use the middleware with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  takes input line and profile .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  return   plan
truth:  return   profile

test:  convert a byte string to a bytestring .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if filename is a any file in any of the file in any of the iterable .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  returns a dict with the usb parameter names and a specific suffix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   labeled
truth:  execute   file

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  performs a requests requests check with the given signature .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  retrieves   assign
truth:  retrieves   requests

test:  like :func:exec_prompt .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  statement : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  count the attribute dictionary for the given item .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  returns a prepared plot object that can be used with matfile .
truth: return major . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  load an image .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  returns true if primer mismatches .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns if the edit should be reversed for a particular view .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  computes the indep .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a wrapped version of f .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  retrieve the pkt for a given environment .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  find   talk
truth:  find   packet

test:  generate an or-ed series of shifts for the first count digits .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   trims
truth:  generate   shift

test:  finds the class registered for a class alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  gets the environment changes on the folders .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  convert a 8bit .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test the input and target function for somebody and without source .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write info about the refs file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  generate   restarts
truth:  generate   refs

test:  returns true if the tool is datasource .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   inquire
truth:  returns   tool

test:  returns a draft we can connect to the keys in the location .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  check whether scipy coefficients is of y2] and variance .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  check   hits
truth:  check   filter

test:  decorator to give a warning for test logging .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  given a sort string .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  applies   proctored
truth:  applies   sort

test:  check if the overlap is in the correct configs .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  checks   sleep
truth:  checks   files

test:  a view that its the theme to override the cache directory .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  add   stubbed
truth:  add   headers

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   containing
truth:  fragment   ip

test:  run all tests in a list of modules .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  generate   carry
truth:  generate   test

test:  does the given lists of element .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  get   reallocation
truth:  get   collection

test:  parses a matrix header matrix into a list of headers .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  return a list of unique id from the provided groups .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  returns   learns
truth:  returns   seqs

test:  return file descriptor .
truth: lock file . 
test:  lock   labeled
truth:  lock   file

test:  returns a serialized hash for the given hash at the given hash .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns coverage grid for an instance .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  returns   parameterize
truth:  returns   integers

test:  generate a new file to an toc toc file .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  change the users full path for the home provider cli example: .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   leave
truth:  setup   switch

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   markdown
truth:  lists   vlan

test:  gets the human readable representation of a human readable string .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return a composite transform of a factory for .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  add an element to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  test that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return dict of keys of values .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  nest after the default widget .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes a line of the jinja2 .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  return   describing
truth:  return   listener

test:  compare two images .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  verify that the key exists for the key of the key .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  direct the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   decoding
truth:  direct   lists

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  move item in statement .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  wait until the function has been reached .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  call   interprets
truth:  call   intervals

test:  unpack lines .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  unpack   optdict
truth:  unpack   lines

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an externally configured host backend details .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  apply value to 1 .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  wrap   borrowed
truth:  wrap   instances

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  maps keys for attachment details view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  to put the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  take   preloading
truth:  take   host

test:  create a continued length of a continued fraction of the given fraction .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  returns   finished
truth:  returns   fraction

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content/leaf nodes contained within a topic .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  generate a set of points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  creates a c .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   act
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the simplified loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  convert a tag into a datetime .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  convert a git node to a python dict .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  fixture which provides a recwarn for testing purposes .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change tablespace and alter a tablespace to the db .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  change   performs
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  change the mattermosts of a radio channel .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  deal   overrides
truth:  deal   channel

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get the current directory of the given locale .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  remove a song from a pcap delay .
truth: get streams . 
test:  get   establishes
truth:  get   streams

test:  return a string with a human readable units .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  convert   heres
truth:  convert   frequency

test:  require the system .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  transforms types into a ndarray .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  check   autoreleased
truth:  check   types

test:  return true if the tour tour the given tour key .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  calculate statistic for a given rectangle .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  function   ban
truth:  function   probability

test:  return true if the given language is an about: language .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the first n .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  send message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  create a new request for the given api .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   tweak
truth:  returns   replacement

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  build user saved string to format a user .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  format   allocate
truth:  format   user

test:  perform a url like fragments into a pair of flag .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  canonicalize   access
truth:  canonicalize   url

test:  fft the erfa for one erfa in the ira .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a device path is virtio .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  validates names of pip .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validate   urlencode
truth:  validate   item

test:  provide options for cases: .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  provide   forbid
truth:  provide   options

test:  parse a packet given an entity string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  validates   stream
truth:  validates   returns

test:  restart the zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  boot   start
truth:  boot   zone

test:  return a json compatible graph .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  load   aliased
truth:  load   json

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   bench
truth:  escapes   value

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   hostname
truth:  get   vm

test:  computes the indefinite integral of f in x_j in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  frequency-swept plotting .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  set the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  return single doctype .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  return   gunicorn
truth:  return   frappe

test:  get a list of for a path from the registry .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  determine if the input is from an ip address .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  show the contents of a fiff file .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  determine if the special contains a special directive .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add a list of items to be created .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  adds   tsv
truth:  adds   components

test:  provide the html for a path .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  map   define
truth:  map   path

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   dataframe
truth:  scan   comments

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   executed
truth:  dispatches   dictionary

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where should be supplied syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  return a numpy array with the same shape and x .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get a float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  install zfs .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  convenience function for creating a clean test suite .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  function   carry
truth:  function   test

test:  returns true if the message has a newline .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  new milestone form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  returns a reference to the definition of artifact-days-to-keep: .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  generate correct numeric values for types and typeconstraints .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  default zone configuration .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  print   skips
truth:  print   connections

test:  returns the time series with lst[b:b+m) without sorting .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  convert a etree element into a line3dcollection element .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  converts   uncheck
truth:  converts   element

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   mounted
truth:  read   end

test:  upload tarball to a tarball .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   clones
truth:  upload   server

test:  test rendering rendering with a timedelta label .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert an index to a float .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get an effect of a refs .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   mounts
truth:  fetch   objects

test:  skirt the file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  checks if the given code is a valid python code for the given code .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  check   acquires
truth:  check   pep8

test:  get cpu_time() rank of the api recursively which are far to the given number of points .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  get   annoy
truth:  get   rank

test:  get a windows configs file .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  plots a single figure .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman top window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  cast an integer value to an integer .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   archive
truth:  convert   member

test:  flatten a n-dimensional variable .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  reshapes   simulating
truth:  reshapes   input

test:  converts a term into true if it terms terms .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  used internally by the local .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  destroy   command
truth:  destroy   session

test:  gets the named nodes from the given graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  generate a url to generate a cookie url .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  returns a list of tuples of length 1 if it is not none or equal to the ith about each element of the input .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  turn an image into a network input .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  mean   pulls
truth:  mean   null

test:  return a linode which python prefix up to complete up the most appropriate for the matrix of the python prefix .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  completes   bartels
truth:  completes   contents

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the bound methods with the given name .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an externally configured host device .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  get and display the text for resources .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  fetch   bans
truth:  fetch   resources

test:  the handler that can be used once back to a specific host .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  make sure the shape of the unitary is exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get word from markdown file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  try to connect to a private server .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  try   multiply
truth:  try   paramiko

test:  retrieve the system roles .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   grouping
truth:  retrieve   system

test:  returns true if the given backup-list is a now sentiment .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  filter   reverts
truth:  filter   age

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user information from the message .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  checks for any of the current locale and returns the route list .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  tries   astring
truth:  tries   route

test:  create a random counts between two elements .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  returns true if given stream is valid csv .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  create and returns the db .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  add git support .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  resolves   unparsing
truth:  resolves   git

test:  tests retrieving are not implemented on a function .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  test   writing
truth:  test   ironpython

test:  implement the old word for atomic increment/decrement to the given module .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   reported
truth:  define   function

test:  perform a dictionary without preserving the elements .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  make sure the timeout has properly .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of parsed zone groups .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   drawing
truth:  return   tags

test:  test missing required argument for missing .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  a utility method for parsing token keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  based   base64encodes
truth:  based   djangos

test:  generates and returns a slug with a given string .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  return   logarithmic
truth:  return   slug

test:  splits to a certain rabbitmq queue .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  fetch a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  fetch   pending
truth:  fetch   default

test:  for a served episode .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  log   inf
truth:  log   download

test:  create a main .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  testing   flip
truth:  testing   python

test:  returns the users login on the given server .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get equation for rectangular point in the point .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   named
truth:  get   z

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{list} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  downgrade the v1 db for removing sender special column .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  wal the aspect ratio of a ratio .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  reset to a redis audio state .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  usage: {% page_permissions page as page_perms %} sets the page to a given page .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  inject names that creates a new event .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  injects   label
truth:  injects   custom

test:  make sure a bundle is not found .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  missing   coupling
truth:  missing   target

test:  overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  update the named environment .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  config   deflate
truth:  config   config

test:  check whether caller is passed in authority .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test whether the mimetype of the mimetype of the request .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  determine if the path is a ieee flag? .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  subroutine to create a double frame .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  create   goes
truth:  create   frames

test:  look up a class by a view function which returns the column class corresponding to a class name which is to the class name registered with the view .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  retrieve quotas and create a quota field .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  sets sess .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  set   finished
truth:  set   fraction

test:  adds a previously signed document .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  append   physicists
truth:  append   suffix

test:  some groups were changed on the user .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  return the sum of attributes of the given iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  return the size of the given object .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> order function returned true in a list with a single order fashion .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  returns a dll from either a dll or unicode or a str .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  convert   hover
truth:  convert   bytes

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  create new induced induced by predicate function for predicate parameter .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  create   constrained
truth:  create   functions

test:  reload the given command .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  pulls   determine
truth:  pulls   projects

test:  simple ease function for lower texture permutations of the distance between 0 and vt102-compatible for twitter phrases .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  returns message id for given site .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the name of the backend handling .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  backend   tear
truth:  backend   module

test:  takes a list of shards and returns a string containing the images .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  determines   print
truth:  determines   approximation

test:  removes a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  compare two entity keys in order to key other .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   limiting
truth:  get   order

test:  collects a number of all the groups from a phone number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  traverses the profile id of an profile service .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  fetch   search
truth:  fetch   d

test:  nice -> string return a copy of a string .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  join   gauss
truth:  join   strings

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   sqlmap
truth:  checks   limit

test:  return a path corresponding to the scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  convert a files that will be generated via a node .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  set   db
truth:  set   annotation

test:  rq rq locally .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   read
truth:  run   variance

test:  looks up a package for packages to find and return the msbuild .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  supplied   pulls
truth:  supplied   null

test:  helper to restrict crop_size to restrict .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  restrict   looking
truth:  restrict   operator

test:  read in the local config file .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  create a new icon with the given name and return it .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  create   whitespace
truth:  create   addon

test:  normalize the index page .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  normalize   called
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  provides a wsgi discovery doc and moves .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieves   eliminating
truth:  retrieves   cache

test:  break up a nested address .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  parse   based
truth:  parse   address

test:  renders the given template string as callable .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  search for a given index for amazon criterion .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  creates all .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  sorts mapping of the cluster mapping by size .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  helper to cast ufunc can be created for a ufunc .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  pulls   callback
truth:  pulls   variant

test:  from iso view for taking a specific locale .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test nit for edf .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  return a conn object for the named project .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  return the split and end of a range in differentiate .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  return   standardises
truth:  return   period

test:  get eip error specifying name=value conn .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  error   dos
truth:  error   search

test:  return the iso repository to hold vm images .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   commit
truth:  return   repository

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency does upgrade if it already satisfies the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  does   list
truth:  does   dependency

test:  add the x intersections for a given direction .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  check the target for an output target .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   forgets
truth:  unmount   filesystem

test:  convert a qurl into a dictionary of the given numba type .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  takes   access
truth:  takes   url

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   lets
truth:  encoding   handler

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   knapsack
truth:  raise   request

test:  checks if the given shell is in the system .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  updates viewpoint metadata .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  return a list of available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  quietly the code from the standard component of an app .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  dispatches   reported
truth:  dispatches   function

test:  extract a single tokens from a subset of cases: .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  return the orbits of the current thin coefficient .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  thin wrapper around vm_stat .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  print   fitnesse
truth:  print   events

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns a graph for a graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the exported version of the file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  returns true if path is a hidden file containing unit .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  print a list of / separated files .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  find the cover of a container .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  print a list of notification notification .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   solve
truth:  print   settings

test:  a function to create a single configmanager in the tree .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  override the given dictionary .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  pass   instantiate
truth:  pass   arguments

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns the schema schema and the validation interface .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  generate a new token for the specified user .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an exception if the resource is not a custom class .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media list on media library object .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  get   wheather
truth:  get   library

test:  given a list of files .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  given   coupling
truth:  given   target

test:  return a client object for the requested connection information .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  grab   revoked
truth:  grab   details

test:  get the loop from the loop .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   recognize
truth:  get   centers

test:  capitalize a string .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  test if we are able to connect to a task .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   resulting
truth:  disable   workers

test:  provide from cogent .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  provide   makes
truth:  provide   namespaces

test:  this is only timesince for studio .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  display   bring
truth:  display   page

test:  the linear inequality constraint fprime .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  get absolute path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   executed
truth:  increments   dictionary

test:  returns the given file or fileobj instance which can be read from a file .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  return   parsefile
truth:  return   descriptor

test:  show the information from znc .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  update path to the verification directory .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  update   consisting
truth:  update   link

test:  execute a python module in the __main__ namespace note that the executed module will have full access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  display a mpl message for a given id .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  display   shared
truth:  display   string

test:  verifies the supplied config .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return a list of all files in a given directory .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  transform the path protocol buffer to protocol buffer .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  go   review
truth:  go   keys

test:  return a testcase for a given file .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  create   turn
truth:  create   case

test:  is it an empty body .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add a file handler to the internal .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  resolve and return a connection to an shutting one .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  instantiate   enhanced
truth:  instantiate   object

test:  api: accepts auth key .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   added
truth:  p   p

test:  considering the euclidean distances between x and y .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  add msg to a message .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  check if file exists .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  ensures we can view to pass to shared metadata about the database vote .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  returns a generator of session(s) and nested changes .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  walk   regressiont
truth:  walk   index

test:  return a list of samples for the samples .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  embed an album into maxwidth .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  grab the name of this script .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  grab   stores
truth:  grab   name

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  complete the rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  complete   switch
truth:  complete   list

test:  compute a mesh of a mesh in a ) .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  how many times does b fit into a? .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  return a list of lists with a single string .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  displaying the template for a given template .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   r^2
truth:  build   form

test:  convert a text to a url-safe token .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   label
truth:  convert   custom

test:  create a general file from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   mutate
truth:  create   column

test:  given a valid config .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  add   insert
truth:  add   targets

test:  returns the absolute uri to store an absolute url based on .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   trimmed
truth:  build   uri

test:  return the vnc ports port .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  raises importerror if exceptions that are not implemented in epipe .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  check   capturing
truth:  check   error

test:  initialize the history .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  a stack trace for generating purposes .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  reset a handler for sending resource handlers .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   recompose
truth:  get   carve

test:  helper function for rc2 .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  solves   small_stmts
truth:  solves   line

test:  request the specified certificates as a caffe process .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  rule : rule .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  return a list of paths matching a glob glob glob glob .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is greater than a given version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  apply the list of subscribe value .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  modify   colorized
truth:  modify   context

test:  test a line profile using an ndim=2 image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   plan
truth:  test   profile

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   target_expressing
truth:  delete   question

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert loc values to eeg matrix .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  capture a responder method .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  select   spawns
truth:  select   endpoint

test:  read decode a random string and return a unicode string .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  send translations from current user .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  append   gunicorn
truth:  append   frappe

test:  return the config directory .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  get a list of valid qos specs .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  given   aligns
truth:  given   volume

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  returns the first item in the iterable for which the first element in the iterable .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  execute   something

test:  t loglikelihood given observations and dlldy .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  generate a random string of the given length .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  generates   stores
truth:  generates   name

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  fixture to setup the backend before running a test .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  if we are not have a session .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  prevent   pulls
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  return true if the user input is a qurl naive .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  convert an integer into a log .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  find   linkify
truth:  find   integer

test:  get the value rounded in a single integer .
truth: get the round . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  initialisation of the patchviewer with given rows and columns .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   wheather
truth:  create   library

test:  find the access flags .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  transform   translates
truth:  transform   flags

test:  show and return a gluster xml .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  perform   authorizes
truth:  perform   command

test:  add a property and its value in the order .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  computes the spectral flux between x and targets .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  return true if any of the files are present in the same .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  send email from the provided send_mail .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  send   enrolls
truth:  send   destination

test:  return a unix unix timestamp from a unix timestamp .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  is   suppresses
truth:  is   seconds

test:  run a test suite .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  runs   compiles
truth:  runs   suite

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  load   imap
truth:  load   repos

test:  linear correlation matrix for computing the local power of a local distribution .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  pulls   input_fft_v
truth:  pulls   normalization

test:  returns the zookeeper locations for the carbon locations .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  compute the node boundary of nodes .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  test that a regression is raised when creating a fit in models .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  print a list of subfolders .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  return the allowed formats for the entries of the successes that is stored in the list of entries .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return true if the provided field is an errors field .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  like d .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  like   crack
truth:  like   _

test:  sends a message to a specific vertical .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  send a public email address for a user .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return the value for a particular type .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the sync and the sync for the last line .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the length of value - useful .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  makes sure that the clip field of f contains .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  returns true if all white devices .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  generate a generated certificates generated for specified students in the given course .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  if holiday weekday .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a set of all accept and a given string containing the specified among [<parent .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   bench
truth:  generate   value

test:  for each combination of the reset function .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  check   initialized
truth:  check   notification

test:  restore more stdout .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  given an artist .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  give   switch
truth:  give   list

test:  send a about interval of an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  return if we are datetime arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  return true iff running from the idle .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   flip
truth:  returns   python

test:  return a list of command-line arguments the command to prlsrvctl .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  convert a dictionary of objects into a single string of features .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  a sane implementation of obj .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  is   safe_octal
truth:  is   class

test:  monitor a specific selinux file and update its minion name the name of the file/directory to be sysrc .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  an environment .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  construct   command
truth:  construct   session

test:  writes a file to disk .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   unparsing
truth:  write   git

test:  generate a persistent file .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  tell tell of force force item -- delete .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  tell   pulls
truth:  tell   null

test:  waits until a specific description has been reached .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   suppresses
truth:  wait   seconds

test:  create additional properties for each verb in additional fields .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  retrieve a list of available instance sizes .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete an elasticsearch elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via macports command brew .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  return true if the node is a valid booting .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  setup the enocean component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  return true if the given node is super .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  yaml: delivery-pipeline if we are using the quickstart-web version .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  extract cr .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  turn a controller to a socket .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  validate a logger uri path and get the logger name .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   define
truth:  validate   path

test:  require site version .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return version as a string .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  write a fake ring represented by the beggining .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce postorder inverse of nodes in depth-first-search .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   increase
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  parses a translation matches .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  matches   pulls
truth:  matches   null

test:  simplified of square .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  square   intialize
truth:  square   root

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  creates a virtual machine on the instance .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian angle in for 3x3 about a particular axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  computes   file
truth:  computes   rotation

test:  stochastic relative strength index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the branch that created the request branch .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  returns   branch

test:  consume the iterator of the iterator .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  consume   pulls
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a json representation of a field .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  coerce   yield
truth:  coerce   bool

test:  perform a mostfunc .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  blocking isend .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  blocking   raises
truth:  blocking   send

test:  given a thing .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  pulls   mignotte
truth:  pulls   things

test:  takes tidy style fragment and turns it into a document .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  pulls   gzip
truth:  pulls   markup

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   capa
truth:  generate   circle

test:  raise the process with the given pid file for a process .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  check   snaps
truth:  check   pid

test:  generates a square .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get a storage instance of the given class class .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  loads and commits the configuration provided .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  installs   forwards
truth:  installs   image

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  get a relative file to the bootstrap archive path .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   forgot
truth:  bootstrap   project

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  get the odbc options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   smash
truth:  compute   corner

test:  executes a function member on a specific value .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  pulls   rolls
truth:  pulls   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  download labels from a file .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  given a sorted query string .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  make a template class for attribute *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   safe_octal
truth:  make   class

test:  checks if the filename is a template file and returns false if the given template was made by a project .
truth: test if . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  add an user like object .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  expands the :setting:celery_routes setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  register a class as the result of a class .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  get the default yarncluster .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  will set modified on the object when the type changes .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  sets   enhanced
truth:  sets   object

test:  get the snmp and anes96 from the snmp server .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  retrieve   pending
truth:  retrieve   default

test:  initializes stanza plugin support .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  associate   enhanced
truth:  associate   object

test:  return a list of servicecommandgenerator files for all pep8 in this project .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  find a given file using font directory .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  looks   wanted
truth:  looks   filename

test:  convert a tuple to a tuple of .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   gauss
truth:  converts   strings

test:  return a string containing python version .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  return the notifier of an oslo_messaging .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert a divide or tuple of integers to width format by adding a desired line parameters divide -> list of integers .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  divide   packed
truth:  divide   chunks

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  emit options to default values .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  emit   forbid
truth:  emit   options

test:  create a socket object and return a result .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  connect to the database; see function .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  enables   roundrobin
truth:  enables   application

test:  release event manager from media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  return the line number of the current line .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  delete a topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   stops
truth:  delete   topic

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  decorator to skip a function as a decorator .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute the homogeneity score the ratio of the array .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  definition : type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  appends sp_password to the end of a payload return a new line .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  get the est path which can be used .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  formats a time in seconds since the epoch as follows: .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  adapted   pulls
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   resulting
truth:  get   workers

test:  splits off the prefix into a path .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  apply   default
truth:  apply   part

test:  multiply together several polynomials in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  check a precision vector is positive-definite .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   cleaning
truth:  check   matrix

test:  update the refs .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  generate   populating
truth:  generate   info

test:  return coordinates of a given type and shape .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  returns a 10-dimensional such that r = nbits vector .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  given   parameterize
truth:  given   integers

test:  a technical 500 header .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  make sure that the given command does not already exist .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  get the default group type .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  sends an email to the initiator of a single confirmation email .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   enumerator_list
truth:  send   confirmation

test:  registers a module-level argument as deprecated .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  adds   utf-8
truth:  adds   argument

test:  create a dictionnary from a set of values in mandlebrot .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  environment variable copy of proxy hosts and bypass info .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  reads all images in a given path .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   indicating
truth:  reads   images

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  loads a file from local folder by 0001 to first .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  decode a instance wrapped in a model name .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  build   derive
truth:  build   templates

test:  load a configuration file from the named entry .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  test if the prefix is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  determine   fake
truth:  determine   load

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of zone values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  return iterator over nested response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  return true if the specified activity exists .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  authenticates   allocate
truth:  authenticates   user

test:  returns a configured base type .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  returns the environment .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  get paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  gets a list of tuples from a given future .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  return   translates
truth:  return   flags

test:  return true if the object looks like a shift class .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this method will export a course to a export / process that will not in the course because the course is allowed to process .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get group nodes .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  check that list of tuples works .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  update glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pairs .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  quote a resolver .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  arg   dtype
truth:  arg   arg

test:  cache the cache folder in cache for the cache .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  caching   maps
truth:  caching   locations

test:  list all known themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  returns a dict containing all the results of a process tree .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  format msg_str to amount of strings .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  convert   rising
truth:  convert   group

test:  run a match on the target and download the values passed as a dictionary .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  repeat of a tensor .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  repeat   eliminates
truth:  repeat   elements

test:  return a list of all the service owners that they exist .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  determine   simplifies
truth:  determine   packages

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  parse the server/portal restart status .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   clones
truth:  parse   server

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   pulls
truth:  notify   null

test:  append the text to a literal scope .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  append   supports
truth:  append   text

test:  get the current version .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  retrieve the clsid for the given clsid key .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  load a sol header from the stream .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  expected params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  formats a time using current locale format .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   disables
truth:  formats   datetime

test:  plist : name .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  return list of fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  return   flow
truth:  return   fields

test:  reset the scan .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  resets   pulls
truth:  resets   null

test:  return a .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  generate a random file name .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  install a rpm package .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  mark   work
truth:  mark   install

test:  gets an array from an ndarray .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  verifies a string cypher with the private key key .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   shared
truth:  verifies   string

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is administator by the current session .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  coerce   restrict
truth:  coerce   array

test:  close a file descriptor .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  run a function under a subprocess .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  show   offset
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator for methods that are multiple threads only to once .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  converts a sharedobject tree representation to a stream .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  return a boolean if a config matches the given match in the series/index .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   decide
truth:  find   groups

test:  inject homogeneous as input .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   lookup
truth:  generate   speed

test:  returns the current markup filter name .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  gets the settings for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  load the compiler config from a parent of configuration .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  load a default object from the file .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this is a dual function .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drops   shutdown
truth:  drops   tables

test:  reads the right folder for the dropbox .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  page rendered with a simple page .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  rendered   storing
truth:  rendered   template

test:  construct the values of a defaultdict variable .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extracts   bench
truth:  extracts   value

test:  test that a new sample is used for the sample .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  visualize   declared
truth:  visualize   samples

test:  returns true if the current user is a contributor user .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  return a small instance of data .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  iterates over the benchmarks .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return a string with facet for the facet titles .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  return html section of a section .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  return the current c{set} class object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  decorator to add the decorated function to the class .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  calls an pseudorandom .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  pulls   constructs
truth:  pulls   lock

test:  generates a f(x)**-i function with the given covariance matrix .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  watch a node from the given attributes .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   shed
truth:  given   exception

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  regression test for "pt-br" .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  parses a neighbor .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  returns a list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  convert a path into a reverse .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   wanted
truth:  convert   filename

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  make the cli line .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  used   config_modified
truth:  used   imports

test:  removes the preferred key and create the specified key .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns binary xor of the 2 provided binary .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  multiplies two matrices .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  make   initalize
truth:  make   k

test:  get ports and port ports and port ids from user .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  get   responds
truth:  get   database

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   forwards
truth:  set   image

test:  validate the password against the password provided .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   been
truth:  validate   format

test:  return a datetime object from a bytearray .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  run unit tests .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  on a host with a given system .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  returns   trailing
truth:  returns   flag

test:  get any doclist .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  avoid helps collections .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  removes markdown from html .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  unescapes   supports
truth:  unescapes   text

test:  expand a string into the number of seconds .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  enforce   test
truth:  enforce   split

test:  combine together the last internationalized string representation .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  normalizes a string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  compute bounding-box .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  automatic uninstall-before-upgrade and uninstall in the rollback .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  write encoding and the .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  identify   cutting
truth:  identify   writer

test:  regression test for antiderivative .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure that its possible to iterate over the end of the thumbnail .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate all uniform order statistic in a rational graph .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  pulls   attached
truth:  pulls   statistic

test:  adds a new mapping to the given unit .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  add   shifted
truth:  add   units

test:  concatenate all coordinates in a slice of slices .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  split   restrict
truth:  split   array

test:  decode a unicode value from the given python object .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  like   reported
truth:  like   function

test:  get the signal from the given sender and signal .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  returns a decorator used to decorator that passes a content decorator for a content .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the percentage of a binary matrix .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  renders markdown text to html .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  render   pass
truth:  render   document

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  execute the differences evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  stop all the information for a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  returns a count of file at all folders .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  the rewrite and runs all assets into the logging .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  log   request
truth:  log   control

test:  use this function to set the current datacenter id .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  enables   emit
truth:  enables   access

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  takes   executed
truth:  takes   dictionary

test:  test plotting of matplotlib import .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  test   decorating
truth:  test   log

test:  multiply the stride .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  fix   pulls
truth:  fix   null

test:  tests grouping structure .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  output   parsed
truth:  output   widgets

test:  runs a command on an arguments .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   barcodes
truth:  run   http

test:  find primary keys .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  pads a data to a size of a block of block_size .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  apply   visit
truth:  apply   padding

test:  return a progress string of a minibatch .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get the ecobee notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   undoes
truth:  return   routes

test:  expand an iterable of integer .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   providing
truth:  returns   tensor

test:  an anonymous url for the extraneous service .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  processes   access
truth:  processes   url

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   evaluate
truth:  return   clip

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  generate all example files .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  return a file path relative to colas .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get quota usage by chooses .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  create a lag port port group based on port port port .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  open file .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   removes
truth:  open   gzip

test:  create the mean for the standard square root mean .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   tear
truth:  doctest   module

test:  list own own own own own own own own .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  liability delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  removes the string remove from the right of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   centers
truth:  extract   labels

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return a dictionary of information about the named beets .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add given members from the group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  a decorator that marks a function for use distributed server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  adds an element to the tree .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  add   optdict
truth:  add   lines

test:  return an object for the istree class .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  predicate   remounts
truth:  predicate   obj

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  return spectrogram .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  call the sampling of sampling which the sampling matches the least squares .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  input   injects
truth:  input   utility

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  load a movie from a movie matrix .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  load   assemble
truth:  load   movie

test:  return the shortcut associated with a shortcut .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  attempt to parse an error command and send it to a command .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  print a string with a given indentation .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indent   reported
truth:  indent   function

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  add given flavor access for the tenant .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  returns a list of the zpool .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  provide   undo
truth:  provide   grains

test:  outputs the current release to a hard document .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  release   enhanced
truth:  release   object

test:  custom view .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the yeelight platform .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  restores an attribute on the instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  delete   bench
truth:  delete   value

test:  change source string flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  change   translates
truth:  change   flags

test:  return the version information for the pyzmq of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  wrap request .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  add   surrounding
truth:  add   processor

test:  require a opkg package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   looping
truth:  require   node

test:  returns true if the elliptic is in c .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like load_sprite_image but returns a new value for a local struct .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a random filesize string of bytes .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  check that it is the origin of the origin that it contains .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  image from a pacman file .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  returns the name of the script .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return a fallback configuration value from a fallback configuration .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return a random string of numba characters .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generates   guvectorize
truth:  generates   oauth

test:  construct a report from a newly ports file .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  pulls   coupling
truth:  pulls   target

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  escape   access
truth:  escape   url

test:  a decorator to save a method to tree and update the wrapped methods .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  pulls   restore
truth:  pulls   cdf

test:  returns a previously allocated structure with the given structure .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  iterate   homebrew_packages
truth:  iterate   structure

test:  get the cartesian cartesian product of text .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  same as a[b] = b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dict containing the words that can be used in a given document .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  return all lines of a line .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  gets the size of a field field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  extract   sparks
truth:  extract   number

test:  send information about the request to allow .
truth: index handler . 
test:  index   lets
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  find a 3d root of a 3d covariance matrix .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  solve   estimates
truth:  solve   squares

test:  decorator to register a function to be profiled .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  set location of the location to be used for creating and .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  sets   transliterate
truth:  sets   variable

test:  turn a dictionary of dictionaries into a single dict of dicts .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   svn
truth:  merge   dicts

test:  check if user exists return if a new user was created or if the tenant was newly assigned to the tenant .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  return the salt api endpoint .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  cast an object to json .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  list the policies from the selected principal principal returns {attached: true} if the marker was not specified .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   isolate
truth:  list   policies

test:  returns a list of visible users from libcloud or visible to nonstaff .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  extract a new keywords containing a mapping of keywords or fqdns .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  retrieve   results
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  returns the hash on a given field .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  is the c pointer a pointer to a pointer .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  running   flip
truth:  running   python

test:  check if filename is a rar .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return the information on a specific selinux version .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  create a list of dictionaries .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  is   presents
truth:  is   mapping

test:  routing area update reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic approximation to a maxima .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  pulls   believe
truth:  pulls   spline

test:  a decorator for generating gil-holding .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  does the bracket evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  creates a change from the main review server note: this is a change to the files and leave .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  apply   sleep
truth:  apply   files

test:  export data from files .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  export   storing
truth:  export   template

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  checks if a specific schedule is enabled .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  list   uploading
truth:  list   job

test:  install an nginx application .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   search
truth:  install   d

test:  get information on a mounted file .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  find the nvp cluster id for nvp given a cluster name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  slices a single open node r = seconds since it is a python int .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  visit   looping
truth:  visit   node

test:  generate a riak parameter containing the specified kind of its members .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes ansi escape sequences from a string .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  clean   comma
truth:  clean   whitespace

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  provides a validator for the boolean value .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return the samestat .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   process_memory_map
truth:  test   buffers

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  initializes and start a db .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  initializes   responds
truth:  initializes   database

test:  return the configured ssh gateway .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  display a figure to a matplotlib figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  get   localize
truth:  get   reference

test:  return a scrapy class for redis connection .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  detects labels in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  creates a sax .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  alias for read_local: arguments: tex_root -- the tex cache -- the tex object to use the cache cache .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  resource header for guided .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  perform a copy of left witn .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  check for missing hyphen .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  construct an authentication structure from serialized dictionary .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  deserialize   bench
truth:  deserialize   value

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  deserializes data from json .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  return a list of the modules loaded on the system .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test the test function .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive errors .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  function   unbinds
truth:  function   exceptions

test:  validate privileges to ensure privileges are supported .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validate   theorem
truth:  validate   privileges

test:  makes variables from a driver .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  outputs   generating
truth:  outputs   shell

test:  stop the total teardown teardown .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  quit   equate
truth:  quit   browser

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  initialize the sigmoid matrix for the sigmoid function .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  kill the process .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the xmodule class .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  creates   reallocation
truth:  creates   collection

test:  parses an http date that can be an http date in a -> str .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 1 .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   evacuate
truth:  computes   precision

test:  check whether a repo is a vid tag .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  resolves   whitelisted
truth:  resolves   repo

test:  make sure *args* have complete char .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  derive the options of the jobs page .
truth: process one link . 
test:  process   consisting
truth:  process   link

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  interface to git-reset(1)_ .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  print the set of aliases in the shell alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  prints   generating
truth:  prints   shell

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using detects links .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that bootstrapping gives the right test case for multiple times in the bootstrap .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  utility function to detect if the corresponding header is greater than the given header .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  detect   assume
truth:  detect   header

test:  convert an integer to a method of integers .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  calculates histogram of the expected image .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  helper for equality to extract alignment from __doc__ .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  a found that hide a repository from a given url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  removes the cached dlls directory from the list of removing .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  prints a terrible .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  runs a wsgi function as an scgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   reported
truth:  runs   function

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  show the size of a small url .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  gives the login form of an http response .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  message to the message .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a user structure with the marketing_link direction of the user .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  creates a list of tuples and returns a redis formatted string representing the result of a thread .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  pulls   works
truth:  pulls   selection

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merges   leaves
truth:  merges   dictionaries

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  test download a bad set up the datasets .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  do the actual removal of back reference to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   login_required
truth:  do   removal

test:  logs a user .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  deal with proj changed .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  deal   called
truth:  deal   proj

test:  reset the cached attempts to clean up attempts problem for the given problem .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   empty
truth:  reset   attempts

test:  returns a list of the display to the sockfile directory .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  check whether a directory in subjects_dir is an mri subject directory .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get a hash value by the given thread-local instance .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  run a bunch of ip addresses from the couchdb server .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  update import of gf(p)[x]/(g) task .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  a decorator that acquires a thread lock .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  given   fixes
truth:  given   manager

test:  return entry .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  function   inform
truth:  function   entry

test:  convert a long integer to a float .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  function   zdt3
truth:  function   converts

test:  enable/disable site against a response .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper method to run a udp modbus server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  benchmark function of the given configuration .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  run   rounds
truth:  run   benchmark

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  put a list of published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   made
truth:  put   authors

test:  check that vars not include discrete variables defined in .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   guess
truth:  check   vars

test:  set a specific parameters .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  use   authorizes
truth:  use   command

test:  casts cast option .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  determines   bootstraps
truth:  determines   callable

test:  checks that the full control characters start and end on the class .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  checks   hash
truth:  checks   flow

test:  w: a single source file and result from a path .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  test io for mne io .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   emulates
truth:  test   reading

test:  return a function that ignores the result from a function .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  create an exception object .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  test get_object validator .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  get a input entry from a modified entry .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  detect   teardown
truth:  detect   type

test:  list all zones .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  lists   resamples
truth:  lists   zones

test:  parses missing values in a string .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  does exp contain a safe node of the clip x .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  revert exact pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  move a file or directory cli example: .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  checks for valid dna characters in barcodes to suppress header and returns suppress or barcodes of lists of one of the mapping file checks for use in mapping file passed
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  generator that returns all possible tuples in a sequence .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  yield   tz_localize
truth:  yield   seq

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  view function which handles a email confirmation request .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  normalizes a time to a string of time .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   simulating
truth:  normalize   input

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   video

test:  checks if a portage version is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  config file for a single zone .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  create generally in pidlock .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  this differs from a file .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  visualize   batch
truth:  visualize   code

test:  detects if a string is any number of characters .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  detects   pulls
truth:  detects   null

test:  returns a bilinear kernel matrix .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  get syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   spyders
truth:  get   scheme

test:  looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  looks   fires
truth:  looks   mdata

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  input: the valide .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  upgrade   pulls
truth:  upgrade   null

test:  only work on systems with riak installed .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  create two flattener .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  removes the urls of a uri .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensure a job is enabled on master .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  add the utm_* tracking parameters into a url .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  get layers layers .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  poll seconds to get seconds for a bar connectivity .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  blocks   wake
truth:  blocks   msg

test:  returns the ansi escape that responds to the given color .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  colorize   randomise
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  loads project from project in translation .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  load   raising
truth:  load   docker

test:  make matched text number .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  returns a dict of files with the given metadata and their metadata .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  return an location of -1 matching the given shape .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  formatting   label
truth:  formatting   custom

test:  return true if the given node has a positive source .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  return   flattens
truth:  return   output

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns true if promo is a rawbsondocument promo .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  print a datum .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  callback for change of a signal .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete group type associated with an group key .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  run a full cluster verbose .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  return   joins
truth:  return   cluster

test:  returns a list of current port trees managed by poudriere cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  mark a task as complete for a task .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   mount
truth:  wait   task

test:  be a single unicode name .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  save the list of tuples to a distance file .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   forwards
truth:  save   image

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  formats a date .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  run a command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  code due to start debugging .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a dict describing changes to changes .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  format   loads
truth:  format   changes

test:  returns n-grams information about the given logger .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  it should extract a background tag without changing the tag .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the pair of tuples in /proc/cpuinfo .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  checks   identify
truth:  checks   alignment

test:  generate slugify slugify with slugify .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  return a single document from the provided document or none if the document is found .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  sun image in k[x] format .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  stops the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  set proxy configuration facts if not provided .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  set   object
truth:  set   facts

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   downloading
truth:  declare   package

test:  returns true if a process with pid is running .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  view function to retrieve a list of entities of entities .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  displaying   understemmed
truth:  displaying   results

test:  test that passing multicolumn column in fill_values should not use a table these 2 columns .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  check if a mysql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  redirect to assess/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  redirect   replace
truth:  redirect   create

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the number of exponent nan to return num .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  return a path to the return file for a job .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  a decorator to memoize class for a method on a specific methods .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  update a user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  get taxa sample ids for a given otu table .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  return a url that can be used to delete a file .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  yield   labeled
truth:  yield   file

test:  returns a global server description .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  load   encapsulate
truth:  load   instance

test:  a context manager for the with sys .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  convert   capturing
truth:  convert   error

test:  return a random set of type checker .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  find   link
truth:  find   factory

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  try   unparsing
truth:  try   git

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  this function will export a private key from the parameters to private key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  retrieve json-encoded option object corresponding to the proxymodules device .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  test for issue #878 .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a json dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   debugging
truth:  convert   dataset

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  when a comment is passed .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  update   translates
truth:  update   flags

test:  creates a new response with an application .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the special version of all powers .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  update   tile
truth:  update   information

test:  enumerator_list : direct_declarator .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  return a relative url for the given sls file .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  extract the volume info from rvm .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  test that privileges .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  run a command .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  get the list of availability ids from the database .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  retrieve   relabel
truth:  retrieve   availability

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  square-free part of f in gf(p)[x] for prs .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  return a serialize pip version of pip .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   instantiate
truth:  return   arguments

test:  returns true iff this agnostic is has been resolved in a newline .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  list   unmap
truth:  list   descriptors

test:  return a learner object .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  a decorator to add a function to the cuda subsystem .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  compute an initial state zi for the sosfilt function that returns an array of vector3s .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  filter   overriding
truth:  filter   dimension

test:  test the compatibility of the module .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  print the header line in the header line .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  undo the choice configuration of a running system .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  undo   loads
truth:  undo   changes

test:  function for displaying expression .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  execute command cmd .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  parse a sequence of bytes from one stream per html .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  look   barcodes
truth:  look   http

test:  replace single quotes around sql characters .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   shared
truth:  wraps   string

test:  computes the unnormalized upper estimator for the given probability distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  format a safe string for assertmsg open a timestamp object .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne usage .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  run the action action .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  runs   initialize
truth:  runs   importer

test:  returns the node .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  get an rrset url for a musicbrainz group .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  returns   instanticates
truth:  returns   releases

test:  finds contiguous regions of data from a mask or mask .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create and return the result of bundle .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  loads and register a known file .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  compute degree of f .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  return all registered weighers .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  compare versions of being held .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compares   returned
truth:  compares   numbers

test:  make a dummy variable for an array of samples .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  start   decide
truth:  start   groups

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  returns   suppresses
truth:  returns   seconds

test:  compute a timeseries and plus shape .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  for cross compatibility of a symmetric string .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return the number of decimal interfaces for a locale number .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  remove tags from a resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   unpause
truth:  remove   elasticache

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  compute normalized normalized phase for a sequence of data .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  which is either a copy of the value of a list or a string of python objects .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  convert   caused
truth:  convert   return

test:  reads a list of -tuples .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  validate the module .
truth: always load . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  add a unique id to uuid .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  create a new instance access .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  takes a certain editor and returns a callable object .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  configures and returns a human-readable audio output as a sysrc .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  selects   tear
truth:  selects   module

test:  test installing a double hash from a requirements file .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a string to a binary path if it is not already one .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  given a project and a embed request .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  have   applying
truth:  have   placeholder

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  return true if data is a valid encoding .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  deletes an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  helper to create a sdk root of the cflags .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  stretch a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  returns a tuple of integer rate from the db .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a prefixloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  reset the app used by set_nodes() .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  returns a list of theano values of a *exprs .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  transform   minimize
truth:  transform   theano

test:  return the binary representation of text in the given encoding .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  calculates the values of the minimums along the specified axis .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  return the certificate of the trust certificates as a valid certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  gzip encoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  detect if the given function node is a decorator for the given subtype .
truth: function type . 
test:  function   teardown
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  pulls   renew
truth:  pulls   indent

test:  get a metadef namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  create log probs .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  make   broken
truth:  make   syslog

test:  returns the file or directory if it exists .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return a user-agent .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  sends mail mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  sends   maintain
truth:  sends   mail

test:  unload all items in the list of values .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  turn a single argparse into the arguments .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  return a list of regions for from a given region .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  creates the request token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  get connection to an sqlite3 db .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  show the details from a scaleway baremetal server .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  get   stderr
truth:  get   machine

test:  returns a path to a temporary file based on the provided prefix .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  turn on logging and netmiko for the program .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed into an gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   trimmed
truth:  return   uri

test:  get the parent field of the parent setting .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  returns   fetches
truth:  returns   parent

test:  check if a model is an instance of the entity .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the checksum for a package .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  gets the text that was detected in the image .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   supports
truth:  gets   text

test:  associate the vm with the task id specified .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  pulls   hostname
truth:  pulls   vm

test:  write the special html file .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   pinned_array
truth:  output   execution

test:  write the saved path to separate .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  append   enhance
truth:  append   items

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the stddev is farther than three callables content: from the moving average .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  return a host and its value for the named host .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  get the spherical vector3 unit by degrees .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return dictionaries of title in title .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  returns   advance
truth:  returns   title

test:  return the portion of a file .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  return a prettier version of obj .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  remove file from given document .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  view function for show a sample .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  extract   contructs
truth:  extract   sample

test:  takes a cinder backup to determine if the volume is supported .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  connect to aws kms :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   implementing
truth:  connect   management

test:  test mne gui .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  import all submodules and make them available in a dict .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   rel_path
truth:  import   submodules

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   reported
truth:  expose   function

test:  add titles to each of the provided rows after the dashboard were stripped with { fields .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  rows   track
truth:  rows   top

test:  read text from file return lines and encoding .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  reads   pulls
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  convert a line to html .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  renders   digs
truth:  renders   html

test:  decorator to determine if the function is a scope of a method .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  checks   overlay
truth:  checks   func

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  read an ip address from the sha1 hash of the ipv4 address .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  create an image with the specified background image .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  coupling with a default coupling .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   overrides
truth:  coupling   channel

test:  check if f is a domain and return their associated with the supplied symbol .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  returns   added
truth:  returns   p

test:  packaged page .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  yaml: tie translate environment variables to its project .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  open a filename based on the memmap mode .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  reconstruct   usage_key_string
truth:  reconstruct   view

test:  set refs for the displayer .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  check a result for idempotency .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  return useless along which node are constant slices .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  remove   r^2
truth:  remove   form

test:  return a list of full paths in each string .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  filter an image .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  noise   saving
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an :musicbrainz:isrc .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  set up a simple stubs .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   pads
truth:  setup   stubs

test:  this takes a simplified matrix and drawing df df and drawing texture the cluster axis .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   pulls
truth:  draw   null

test:  test installing from a divider show command .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  expect   simplifies
truth:  expect   packages

test:  split the current user name into separate name .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  determines whether a user would use in creating an auth key to authorized .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  simple celery 'status .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  view   polishing
truth:  view   celery

test:  get geometry output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  apply filtering and return values for the specified date .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  apply   printing
truth:  apply   locale

test:  download a specific extension/version .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  expected cast samples in the previous previous file .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  expected   rrmgr
truth:  expected   threshold

test:  write fiducials from a .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  send a test to test the status of a filename .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  send   mounted
truth:  send   end

test:  test info-showing info .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   tile
truth:  test   information

test:  extract the launchpad teams namespace uri from the registry .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   guessing
truth:  extract   namespace

test:  extract extract variables from a relaxed distance .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  save line information to the destination directory .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  respond   assure
truth:  respond   challenge

test:  create a list of exact .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  list   debugging
truth:  list   dataset

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  add   shared
truth:  add   string

test:  returns the progress progress information for the given opts .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  get   monkeypatches
truth:  get   bar

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  to make a new topic for an api .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  builds the traversal spec object spec .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  remove the file system on the partition <from-minor> .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  removes   sparks
truth:  removes   number

test:  return a list of tuples of the virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   isolate
truth:  return   policies

test:  only load this module if the kernel libraries exist .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  runs the upload image .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  fakes   persist
truth:  fakes   upload

test:  calculate the fermat .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  pulls   pocsuite
truth:  pulls   n

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  extended   alignment
truth:  extended   section

test:  find the optimal smallest elements of a character in a list .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  test key validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   plan
truth:  export   profile

test:  removes a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an addon .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  create a dictionary of pairs .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  start the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  stop   encapsulate
truth:  stop   instance

test:  parse "{name}={value}" ticket .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  returns an instance of the authenticated user .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  get   forwards
truth:  get   image

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  creates a new feed object for the site site .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  creates   urlencode
truth:  creates   item

test:  filter data from all data values for values .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  pass   obj
truth:  pass   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  walk python files and yield all python files .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  yield   unlocking
truth:  yield   source

test:  simulate simple var(p) process with known coefficients and variance .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns the version of onionshare that is equal to tuple .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  set up the sonarr sensor platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  pastel approximation to pastel .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  traverse a dict and return all associated form .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  traverse   switch
truth:  traverse   list

test:  user edit .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create private cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   customized
truth:  create   salt

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write all registered xmoduledescriptor js and coffee files to output root of module .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   receiving
truth:  write   js

test:  creates an http connection object from a fixed-size .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  helper function to append to a list of parser paths .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  is   pending
truth:  is   default

test:  reload the csf configuration .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  restart   embedded
truth:  restart   example

test:  update email address of email .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generates a n-queens field from the current mean and the data .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   declared
truth:  generate   samples

test:  decorator used to read a task .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  pulls   dst
truth:  pulls   c

test:  extract messages from a document .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  bind a random port to an available port and return a port .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  get   receives
truth:  get   port

test:  logs out user out .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  logout   lets
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read the length of a file and return as a texture string .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  return a list of tuples in python .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns a vdi reference with the requested clone .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a powerlaw distribution .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  generate an hotp .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flatten an arbitrarily nested sequence .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds an http state object .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  composes   bench
truth:  composes   value

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  helper method to connect to the given service .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  turn an object into a list of lists .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  pass in distutils .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   retweet
truth:  return   pass

test:  check if a string is greater than or equal to the same version .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  filter out all requirement in a path .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  filter   optdict
truth:  filter   lines

test:  set a color link to a palette .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  n344 - use unittest2 instead of mutable .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  retrieve the according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   generate
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  add the communication between this process .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  dot product of a javascript file .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  render   publish
truth:  render   graph

test:  returns a new user .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  condense a string for case-insensitive comparison .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  remove   small_stmts
truth:  remove   line

test:  returns a serialized appended .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  check   thinks
truth:  check   issue

test:  generate a command from systemd method which will be used as a systemd method .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  generate   small_stmts
truth:  generate   line

test:  escape & .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function is the result of the block if the template tag is not none .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  is   extract
truth:  is   version

test:  retrieve templates according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   decide
truth:  retrieve   groups

test:  try to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   digs
truth:  output   html

test:  shuffle a random copy of graph .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  shuffle   switch
truth:  shuffle   list

test:  get the smtp virtual server setting for the provided server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return a dictionary of the teapot .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  create login model object .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  take   relying
truth:  take   login

test:  generates a list of files in the given data and returns a list of result .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  when a user to forgot the email .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  look   text
truth:  look   username

test:  parse a string to a boolean value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  parse   unquoting
truth:  parse   environment

test:  gets a unique free space under windows .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  returns the reviewer endpoint for the active server .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   spawns
truth:  returns   endpoint

test:  redirect to a url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  parse a text message containing irc values .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  return a probvec .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   ban
truth:  return   probability

test:  gets true if user is admin from group name .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  gets the current line number of the current linux distribution .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  show logged-in tags for the specified page .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  returns   drawing
truth:  returns   tags

test:  return the gateway details associated with the current account args .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  return   restart
truth:  return   account

test:  get the last line in the given line .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  look   named
truth:  look   z

test:  linear activation function .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  compute   uncheck
truth:  compute   element

test:  parameters source : .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  returns   mock
truth:  returns   translation

test:  returns a kind: dict of namespace variables within a directed graph .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  builds   skipped
truth:  builds   use

test:  convert a datetime object to a csl timestamp .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  given   disables
truth:  given   datetime

test:  checks that value is non-empty .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return list of all continuation .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  display   currents
truth:  display   state

test:  this method determines if the given key exists in the registry .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  obtain and return w .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  deprecated method .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   induce
truth:  deprecated   testing

test:  return a sample of n-dimensional cumulative distribution for a sample .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  display the currently logged-in module .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  parse   retrive
truth:  parse   checks

test:  if withscores is not none .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  check that the left and right sparseseries are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the profile from the gcode text file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  write   smooth
truth:  write   vector

test:  test with viewport .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   digs
truth:  test   html

test:  warn() should print warning plus one .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   labeled
truth:  -   file

test:  a decorator for handling special function .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  defines   float
truth:  defines   decorator

test:  clean the active children of the current thread .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  print information about the general zpool .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  pulls   terminate
truth:  pulls   password

test:  gets user data from server .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  check for a given format .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  populates a directive token according to the current directive .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get an empty lines for the watches and leave .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  with_settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  builds   protects
truth:  builds   args

test:  ip_address_string -> bin do not apply various parameters .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  add a mock counter to the hadoop output .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove single content from an api .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  return a list of the sites of the sites organization .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  executes an api method call and verifies the response object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   drops
truth:  executes   call

test:  fill a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  fill   supports
truth:  fill   text

test:  get a javascript source .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cache the platform .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  return package version as listed in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  print a stack trace into a stack .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  dump   applied
truth:  dump   trace

test:  return a module from a given package path .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  look   restoring
truth:  look   data

test:  delete the named container .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   satisfy
truth:  remove   container

test:  parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  when a value is a first state of the sweep .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  update   sparks
truth:  update   number

test:  a view that returns an httpresponse error .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  catch   allow
truth:  catch   conditions

test:  generate a random string with alpha and bad characters .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  add a user to the group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  convert a zero indexed cell reference to a a1 cell references .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  read a 32-bit time .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  check if the employee is holiday for the given date .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the layer product of a layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  clears the zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clear   unescaped
truth:  clear   entries

test:  return components url to download k8s .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  compare   talking
truth:  compare   dict

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  chunks a chunks into serial smaller than serial indices .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns a hash used for some users .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   confine
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a reservation for the given project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  read a json graph in jit format from jit .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  custom view .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  adds a user to the course .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  decrypt encrypted_data using the data[aes .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  enable the gui mode by setting the gui mode .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  tell   chew
truth:  tell   service

test:  return a list of file names based on the file input .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   prettyprint
truth:  get   examples

test:  return a formatted status code .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  get a lexer for a specific plugin .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   unlocks
truth:  get   lexer

test:  combine two images .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  blend   rescanning
truth:  blend   weights

test:  function for six .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if the current request is passed .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  rolls back a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  verify that python failure looks like python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve a specific credentials from the certificate .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  compute the union of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  return   tokens
truth:  return   union

test:  return a datetime object from a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set the config section of the desired configuration .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  extracts the id from an http form .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  setup the books component .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return true if the specified maximum is running .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  return   saved
truth:  return   average

test:  change the group of the group .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  set   search
truth:  set   d

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  landing page for django .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve full database from the mysql server sql query .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  return   fails
truth:  return   databases

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   redraw
truth:  add   begin

test:  returns a list of user suggestions to .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  decorator to stop methods in a :app:pyramid space .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save a job id .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  pulls   builds
truth:  pulls   minion

test:  recursively rebuilds a dict with keys in a dictionary .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  get the user-selected packet of a starting packet .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parses counters in the format from a days .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   flattening
truth:  parse   field

test:  add a path environment variable to the environ dict .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  add   consisting
truth:  add   link

test:  list tags for a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   unpause
truth:  list   elasticache

test:  warn if the message is deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  checks   listen
truth:  checks   key

test:  compute the maximum relative to derivative of the function fun .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  return swap swap namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  returns people following user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  count the number of long strings .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  count   tweak
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   pulls
truth:  s   null

test:  try to extract a fixed timezone from a given offset .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  returns true if w is a short format .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  pulls   carve
truth:  pulls   word

test:  test inverse of volume .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  a fake implementation of obj .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  returns the maximum statistic for each non-singleton norm and its information .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  a decorator to retrieve the method name for a method .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  marks volume types as deleted .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  return true if path is an encrypted encrypted file .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  desktop backend should have all es names .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  makes flowgrams file .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  build   forces
truth:  build   flowgrams

test:  get a referent by an identifier or identifier for a given category .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  look   partitions
truth:  look   category

test:  adds a max pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   fonts
truth:  adds   layer

test:  start a shell command .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  run   modifies
truth:  run   cmd

test:  open an open file using the given mode and return a mapping .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  this utility works as a collection of chunk_size .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  applies   identifies
truth:  applies   plugin

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   inform
truth:  accepts   entry

test:  delete a child zone entry .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  restores the previous item from database .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  check   reply
truth:  check   representations

test:  pack unicode to a human readable string .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  makes sure a method name is accepted correctly .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  fix   step
truth:  fix   names

test:  given an iterable of users .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  given   negate
truth:  given   resource

test:  method decorator for methods special functions .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  unwraps   reported
truth:  unwraps   function

test:  generate a message to the correct mime .
truth: convert response . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  load a test .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  return the pygraphviz g for graph g .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  create   translated
truth:  create   g

test:  a release python module is supposed to a release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  full test of mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   starts
truth:  test   nothing

test:  returns the number of filenames based on the device address .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  validate overlap when a document is overlap .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  ensure that a network is in the host .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  indicates   killed
truth:  indicates   network

test:  generative network to parameterize generative model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  pulls   killed
truth:  pulls   network

test:  launches a bunch of current model .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  provides   logged
truth:  provides   dialog

test:  set the number of days of the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   sparks
truth:  set   number

test:  create event manager from media list .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  install a powershell requirement command .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   patch
truth:  install   requirement

test:  wrapper for executable .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  get   link
truth:  get   factory

test:  main program .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the given collection should be considered in the given rights .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  checks   reallocation
truth:  checks   collection

test:  reload a module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  initialize function for batch surface .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  call   satisfy
truth:  call   container

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  clean the given element to a file .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  dump   configured
truth:  dump   tree

test:  helper function for attachments attachments .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   blacklisted
truth:  create   attachments

test:  return a valid binop .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  compute   destroy
truth:  compute   dtype

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine distance between two vectors .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  alter bottom loop with points that have the points .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  set the current config value .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   urlencode
truth:  set   item

test:  convert classified string to an wasnt source code .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  add   match
truth:  add   syntax

test:  compute the roc .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  set the necesary for the data directory .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  convert an quantize value to a number .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   reloads
truth:  converts   amount

test:  storage : specifier_qualifier_list struct_declarator_list semi .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  return xattr_where_from information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return the currently selected ban expression .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  validate and return cpu cpu policy .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns a timezone representation of a timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   suggests
truth:  returns   timezone

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  for virt only .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  pulls   buckets
truth:  pulls   preference

test:  retrieve a user_id from the database by its key .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  process histogram data from single fastq file .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  filtering   locate
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove invalid characters from a string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  removes   block
truth:  removes   chars

test:  convert a 1d .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  dummy view for quickly when we get media buffer .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  check if the firewall is mon .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  is   looping
truth:  is   node

test:  save the certificate on the local instance and save it to master .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   rounding
truth:  save   master

test:  search a query to a type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  identify an http user information .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  deep json object .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  serialize   aliased
truth:  serialize   json

test:  publish a collection in the datastore .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  linear activation function :math:varphi(x) = 20 outputs .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  deep copy the deannotate attribute of a list of tuples .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   uncheck
truth:  copy   element

test:  ensure that all the docs in the docs list .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  fixes   decreases
truth:  fixes   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  checks if the given code is likely to the given line .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  returns   push
truth:  returns   depth

test:  bounce all traffic server nodes in the local machine .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   clones
truth:  bounce   server

test:  generic getattr() .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  extracts the vector as a point .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  returns   smooth
truth:  returns   vector

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  read a /courses/$course_id/$stuff packet .
truth: object factory . 
test:  object   link
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the grains from the ansible inventory_file default: /etc/salt/roster .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   insert
truth:  return   targets

test:  delete a user via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  games returns a single game matching the given criteria .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  get typedparametervalue by svgreader .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to text format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  list everything that are not enabled on the system .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  returns the value of a given number of dimensions .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  cycle   exposes
truth:  cycle   values

test:  lists all users cli example: .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  list   emit
truth:  list   access

test:  add faces to the faces .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  converts any given object to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  return a suite from a module .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  assemble   compiles
truth:  assemble   suite

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  pulls   failing
truth:  pulls   style

test:  remove the certificate from the given store name the certificate to the certificate to be removed .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  create a default logger for the provided wsgi logger .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  creates   code
truth:  creates   logger

test:  returns a string that can be used for a whitening .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  for each process that is only built once .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  computes the mahalanobis .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  escape the values in a string for use in <script> tags .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  check for pprint .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  prints   point
truth:  prints   status

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resizes   aligns
truth:  resizes   volume

test:  a view that retrieves the diagonal of a view function .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of domains from a csr certificate .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  wait for the specified status .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  tries to figure out the version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  instantiate the given value of an object field .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  calculate the m m to between vectors .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  mask   launch
truth:  mask   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  pulls   emits
truth:  pulls   definition

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns an ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   delayed
truth:  returns   ipv6

test:  get an orm by given the orm of a list of lists .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  remove   doing
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  replace   eventlet
truth:  replace   warning

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  modify the values of data .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  convert arma correlation matrix to autoregressive lag-polynomial with ma representation for each sid matrix .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  return the path relative to the filename of a filename .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  gets all models for all models in all models .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  gets   lstrip
truth:  gets   set

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  get the plugin names of the file names .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  convert a list of dicts to dicts .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  write a discovery documentation of a file .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  write   decreases
truth:  write   documents

test:  retrieve a reference from a given object in a class by id .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  retrive   stores
truth:  retrive   name

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   squared
truth:  returns   vms

test:  restful crud task for a task .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   decreases
truth:  documents   documents

test:  computes the musicbrainz album by the given id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  fetches   bytes
truth:  fetches   album

test:  check for nova import .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   dispatched
truth:  check   calls

test:  make sure the user is not a new domains .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  ask   highlights
truth:  ask   update

test:  return a list of full paths .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  calls existing handling of when the existing modules listed in successfully .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a list of users .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  create   users

test:  create a new volume for the provided test cases .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  main function for validating demultiplexed fasta tree input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath output_dir: tree list of sequences .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  load a trained file and run a different master .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  returns a compiled template object for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  convert duplicate index table into database .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  remove   regroup
truth:  remove   subsets

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  matrix system .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears the scenario that has been updated by the client .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  fixture providing a history of the result .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute scaling of a label matrix .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  object__type is used to create a new trace .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  wrap   float
truth:  wrap   decorator

test:  check if a file is in the touch .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handles a environ .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  handles   knapsack
truth:  handles   request

test:  return a wsgi url for completion .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  returns the difference between two alignment .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  set the rules used for policy checks .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  set   skipped
truth:  set   use

test:  convert unicode or bytes to native unicode .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the api level .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  generate a randomish .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return a dict of disjoint sets of disjoint sets for a disjoint list of disjoint sets of possible sets of sets .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   regroup
truth:  return   subsets

test:  test traceback offset in %run .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  remove added from function if it is not already removed .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  attempt   constrained
truth:  attempt   functions

test:  invert a structuring element to the named image .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  change   limiting
truth:  change   order

test:  only work on apt-based systems with setquota binary available .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   knapsack
truth:  set   request

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  collect all non files for glib .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  version version of ensure_directory() .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   poll
truth:  delete   versions

test:  output the new biosql login to the same command .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  set   force
truth:  set   kwargs

test:  when syntax from an error is raised .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  fix   thinks
truth:  fix   issue

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  launch the checkout branch dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   logged
truth:  launch   dialog

test:  return a mongodb plugin .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  delete new file at path .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  delete   decimals
truth:  delete   storage

test:  create an uninterpolated path relative to $state_path .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  join   ip
truth:  join   paths

test:  get all alarm details .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   revoked
truth:  get   details

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  get   been
truth:  get   format

test:  verify that the permission_types runtime is not met and on the site .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  check   wheather
truth:  check   library

test:  show all redis server info from the database .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  flush   compress
truth:  flush   db

test:  returns true if the value is sane and integer .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  align   bench
truth:  align   value

test:  small_stmt a list of lists of traffic .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  apply   works
truth:  apply   selection

test:  tests that the maximum quality are valid .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  pulls   boostrapping
truth:  pulls   timeline

test:  parses a qimage .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   printed
truth:  parses   pattern

test:  tries to print a range of the given range .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  create admin group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  return true if the function call is a bound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list policies for the the specified marker .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of resource pools from the interface .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  retrieve   interpolated
truth:  retrieve   plugins

test:  sync a single tunnel back to the address .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  synchronize   bounds
truth:  synchronize   table

test:  read the whole utc utc user information .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  yaml: runscope this plugin introduces a game if runscope is enabled .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs a command .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test scale row and column arrays .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  check   landing
truth:  check   sum

test:  parse the exchange response for a given response .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parses   install
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last modification time p .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns a list of application for the application .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encode class or factory function .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  context manager to debconf create and delete certificates .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns an :class: .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  extract a portion of an option .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  get a complex path .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  create a new twisted in twisted for each of time in time .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  preprocess options for the search .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  look   forbid
truth:  look   options

test:  helper decorator to clean a serial function .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  forces   reported
truth:  forces   function

test:  returns the difference between w and the result .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the given string with all float and single space .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  strips   flashes
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  coerce a numpy array to a type .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the item size for the given list or buffer type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  return those lines of a text .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using a poor .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   uploading
truth:  do   job

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  back a jmx .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  run tidy because html with an html runner .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   digs
truth:  run   html

test:  invalidates the cached star in the cache for the module .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  greatest common divisor of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate triangulated normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   calculates
truth:  compute   vertex

test:  initializes the command line argument parser .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initializes   utf-8
truth:  initializes   argument

test:  get cumulative cumulative .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   generate
truth:  print   users

test:  count the number of estimation in each feature in sparse order .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  retrieve all enabled user groups .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   prefilled
truth:  retrieve   hosts

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  yield   restoring
truth:  yield   data

test:  read a page from a previously a mapping file .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  extract the inventory from an inventory dictionary .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   adjust
truth:  extract   inventory

test:  add a device to the file .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  error   rectified
truth:  error   cuda

test:  like ones_like .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  center   negotiate
truth:  center   loss

test:  test if freeze .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   deletes
truth:  test   pip

test:  sanity check for windows .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  launch   prettify
truth:  launch   process

test:  return a string representation of the provided cube from a string .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-opts format .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  update a keys with the given job bundle .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  select shared and closing first two points .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the number of cliques cliques of the given list of cliques .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  helper to check if magic is valid .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  read server id for a given identity .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  fetch   clones
truth:  fetch   server

test:  generate a sample file for a given filename .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  return the currently active policy policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  return   holding
truth:  return   policy

test:  convert the given file to a trees file .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create a continuous input string with the given scope and iteration .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  replace   simulating
truth:  replace   input

test:  dimension a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  coil   del
truth:  coil   gcode

test:  return a string with all whitespace replaced by the given process .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  process   shared
truth:  process   string

test:  inject resources into memory .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  checking for all students in a course .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  create   lits
truth:  create   basket

test:  get a list of all hosts and their default_hidden .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  fail the global eggs after removing eggs .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  force   inspect
truth:  force   eggs

test:  get a list of members for the members .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  create a new remotestatepersister that tests that the amp .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   skipped
truth:  create   use

test:  produce status .
truth: produce status . 
test:  produce   point
truth:  produce   status

test:  test interpolation of source gui .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns for an absolute uri .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  create the rad/sec .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  changes   pivoted
truth:  changes   place

test:  perform the second logs .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  logs   open
truth:  logs   sections

test:  set le to a version .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  tell   optimized
truth:  tell   script

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   step
truth:  domain   names

test:  quantize over a point t .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  quantize   contributed
truth:  quantize   t

test:  note: the real .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  a requests requests .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  return the user .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test cloning level of batchnorm in a latex model .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   fonts
truth:  test   layer

test:  add polygon for cylindrical hull of a polygon .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a list of all backup columns .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  list   subtracts
truth:  list   backups

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  function   scales
truth:  function   prints

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier_list type_qualifier .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  ensure that a directory exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  returns true if the current tool is in the current path .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  check   inquire
truth:  check   tool

test:  a handy helper function that recreates the full url as a current request .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  if it doesnt already exist .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  patch   init
truth:  patch   modules

test:  login to a web browser .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts a datetime into a unix timestamp .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   childnodes
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  check version of some low version .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes a function that parses a pair of strings and converts it to a flat file .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  pulls   listing
truth:  pulls   inspect

test:  wait for a function to be invoked .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   satisfy
truth:  wait   container

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   drawing
truth:  strips   tags

test:  generates an event list of :class:dirmovedevent and all created files .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  a convenience function for when we consumers to a document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  restore   pass
truth:  restore   document

test:  rotate image 90 degrees request .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  serialize the variable as a file .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dump   leaves
truth:  dump   dictionaries

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  computes a linear regression problem for a line .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  fits   small_stmts
truth:  fits   line

test:  returns a list of lists for a given formats .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  this method returns true if the given url is a html formatted function .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  returns tweet with https reply .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  loads and return a base64 encoded format .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decodes   restoring
truth:  decodes   data

test:  cache a series .
truth: search series . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  generate points for a points of points .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  yield   algorithm
truth:  yield   points

test:  flush the dscl cache cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   eliminating
truth:  flush   cache

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  application information section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  renders the template for the template folder .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a view that modifies a post metadata for all the given form .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  return   r^2
truth:  return   form

test:  a step .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  make   unquoting
truth:  make   environment

test:  inject a class decorator .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate over all networks .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  finds   branching
truth:  finds   progress

test:  decode a query of two-element tuples into a query parameters .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  create   sequences

test:  determine if the request is the same as the request .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  determine   knapsack
truth:  determine   request

test:  sanitize markdown characters to use in a textual reviews .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  find the number of bits needed to bitcount in an integer .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  count   prepopulates
truth:  count   bits

test:  sets the current time .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   suppresses
truth:  set   seconds

test:  parses the xml file and verifies its metadata .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  provides a pages page for our breadcrumbs .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  generate   switch
truth:  generate   list

test:  return size for current dir .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  returns test test test test test test data filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  generate debug params for ninja .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  initialize   insert
truth:  initialize   targets

test:  change blocks of blocks to the new group .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  merge   destroy
truth:  merge   dtype

test:  when using multiple groups settings .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  finds all the rows from a stream that should be used to read an image .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  is it a byte string .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  create a kind for a given dict of bytes .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  generate   exposes
truth:  generate   values

test:  enable or disable site access to site .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   handles
truth:  enable   site

test:  return a list of tuples that indicate that they appear in columns .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   labeled
truth:  rename   file

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  given the data .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  generate   splitting
truth:  generate   surface

test:  remove all files under directory .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  clean   installs
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  raise an exception on the ironic client .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse in the batchmailentry from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  find   carry
truth:  find   test

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  pulls   shift
truth:  pulls   tasks

test:  return a file or directory trees that should be used by a grep .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  grep   shared
truth:  grep   string

test:  returns a string representation of a given value .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  pulls   tune
truth:  pulls   internet

test:  skip test module if it doesnt exist .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  read and remove any toc from the container .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  generate   bartels
truth:  generate   contents

test:  extract ipv4 address embedded in 6to4 address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  asynchronously allocates a given model instance .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   controls
truth:  allocates   ids

test:  process the given files from the current stack .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  compare   bartels
truth:  compare   contents

test:  print a string representation of an object .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  print   transliterate
truth:  print   variable

test:  create a spearman .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list all the folders under the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  convert full image to autoregressive lag-polynomial .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   resume
truth:  convert   pil

test:  index of lowest value over a specified period .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  get the clipping range from the start and end .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check this like current python installation .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  check   init
truth:  check   modules

test:  the log of the probability for the given list of observations .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  direct_declarator : declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  warn a warning for a ring .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  warn   bisect
truth:  warn   deprecation

test:  can view to ensure that a question is answer .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  mark   target_expressing
truth:  mark   question

test:  marathon pods can be deployed for a marathon with a verifies that can be deployed .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  marathon   carry
truth:  marathon   test

test:  retrieve a tuple of dictionaries .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  returns true if the given member is a indirect member .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  given   loved
truth:  given   doc

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get front lists and add the x intersection loops and add method lists and index lists and index of the loop .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  this utility function is a wrapper around some kind of tuples .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  validates server for use in cls .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  returns the rgs .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  computes   annoy
truth:  computes   rank

test:  parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  check that distances are added from various distance between the coordinate and see which are the result of the moon .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  tests update plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  extracts the value from a response of the given response .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  extracts   format_alignment
truth:  extracts   authentication

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  add movie-list that are unable here to the get_coredump_network_config section of the given libraries .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   switch
truth:  handle   list

test:  displays a list of versions for a given version .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   poll
truth:  takes   versions

test:  check if the server is resolvable .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns the link for a block in the page .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  release the contents of the vs .
truth: release the package . 
test:  release   downloading
truth:  release   package

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  add a new environment variable to your inventory[ if theres already set .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  build   adjust
truth:  build   inventory

test:  run a command in a file .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  visualise each segment with its label with the segment of the label color .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns hessian of logp at a point .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  determine if the object is an icc or is a updateable .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  returns   generated
truth:  returns   youtube

test:  open a persistent file .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  return the modified time when the given time is greater than the given storage time .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  get   decimals
truth:  get   storage

test:  checks if the labels is a valid eia label int .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test whether a path is a file .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  when a prefix is not required for metasploit via subprocess .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  regression test for url ensures that it was built in parallel .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  returns a dict with the result as a collection of objects .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   encapsulate
truth:  copy   instance

test:  a connection is a connection connection between 0 and 1 .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  pulls   inverts
truth:  pulls   statuses

test:  see test for processing .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  prints a list of tuples .
truth: prints a . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  kill a process and all of its descendants .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   prettify
truth:  kill   process

test:  converts an image passed as the image to a function .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  functional join .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   greps
truth:  parses   intersection

test:  uploads source distributions to flocker repository .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a users package type .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  choose   downloading
truth:  choose   package

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  operations of the top-level operations .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  freeze   pulls
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the pid by trying to access an pid file .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   reported
truth:  analyse   function

test:  create and return file of file content .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  cached   preload
truth:  cached   content

test:  do a replacement for the decorated method .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  load and return a smbclient .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  load   expose
truth:  load   credentials

test:  get the number of journal .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  returns the directory for the passed test example .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a unicode formatted string with the given encoding and convert whitespace to a unicode string .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  create and return a temporary directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  calculates the list of ids of job ids .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  given   unroll
truth:  given   steps

test:  returns the xblock responsible for setting the specified xblock .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  finds   bdecodes
truth:  finds   xblock

test:  decorator to create a timer object .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  shows the most appropriate part of the input .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  return a list of random tests in unavailable .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  choose   pulls
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the user secrets by consulting the secrets database .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   fixes
truth:  returns   manager

test:  url for bug that various types are executed in the class .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  checks whether a string is lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  compare   supports
truth:  compare   text

test:  execute a query and return the result .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  query   looping
truth:  query   node

test:  retrieve a mapping file to the given roads .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  find   explore
truth:  find   segments

test:  takes a string and returns a tuple with the result of the given response value .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   concatenate
truth:  parse   etag

test:  disable the named service to not start at boot .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  main application .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  find   shortens
truth:  find   classes

test:  print a list of results .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  clear uuids in all apps .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clear   pass
truth:  clear   document

test:  load and return a sample images from all images .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  checks whether partial date formats a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  function   mock
truth:  function   translation

test:  effect binary classification .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  compute   uses
truth:  compute   crossentropy

test:  return a deprecated configs as deprecated .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  warn   queryset
truth:  warn   configs

test:  if it is an external url .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  make the input array .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  formats a phone number of bytes representing a phone number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  compute the half-axis accuracy of a directed image .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  returns   accuracy

test:  set an x window system pause .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   pulls
truth:  pause   null

test:  frac{e^{mathbf{x}_j}}{sum_{k=1}^k of a part .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  =   decrement
truth:  =   =

test:  computes sturm sequence of f in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  computes   reveal
truth:  computes   sequence

test:  parses the data coming from opennebula .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  add one or more nagios events to the register nodes in the iterable name of the iterable .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  copies a file to a remote machine .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  delete a given parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  create a figure with the given figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  draw   parens
truth:  draw   figure

test:  return the actual config value in the current configuration .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  json security headers for one json .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  add a new service group cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  bind   pulls
truth:  bind   null

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  temporarily no html line with a jinja attribute in the context .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  disable   masks
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  returns a wsgi pipeline for use with paste .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  loads   colorized
truth:  loads   context

test:  get a group type by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the value of an existing type .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  build a copy of title .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  shortcut   reported
truth:  shortcut   function

test:  tests that the mapping of group_membership is raised .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   float
truth:  test   decorator

test:  converts an ip address in the cidr style to the cidr address .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  get list of changed files for a network device .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  resolve supplied query strings into one .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolve   pulls
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  gets the domain with the same sources as the right domain .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  check if a backend exists and tests are present in the backend .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  restful crud site configuration files .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects metadata .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   expands
truth:  finds   draft

test:  expand a indices in a sequence of indices .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  verify if a kernel is running .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return image information for a given local or desktop .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  extension of a pathname .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  base   define
truth:  base   path

test:  one exponential exponential of the topojson distribution .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  convert   decrease
truth:  convert   action

test:  return the information returned when the specified jid was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test rendering mri report .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get the beveled .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   abbreviate
truth:  get   rectangle

test:  normalize an expression with an expression or fermionic operators .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  write   sums
truth:  write   expression

test:  build the dictionary for c and then dict on the kb .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  format   unquoting
truth:  format   environment

test:  modifies a view function by setting a view function so that it will not exempt from the x-frame-options http header against the x-frame-options http header set to exempt a view
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  decorator to wrap synchronous or asynchronous instance function .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  prints a bunch of elements .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  executes   sonar
truth:  executes   child

test:  attempt to get a class class from a string .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  compute code of a chunk file .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  look for the specified query .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   launching
truth:  construct   pipeline

test:  dump integrity error messages and reports are preserved .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  invoke the given function to parse a invoke summary .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  spawn   plucks
truth:  spawn   window

test:  promotes an index of the object/categorical operator .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  use an override eggs that has a prefer that are glob points .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  pulls   asks
truth:  pulls   xmodule

test:  both a few known image on an image .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  uses   supplied
truth:  uses   api

test:  copy an item from the graph using the expired expired distribution .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   eliminating
truth:  copy   cache

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  replace all occurences of string text with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  delete a dynamic port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   receives
truth:  delete   port

test:  defines default v3 v3 parameters .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  yields   enhances
truth:  yields   scope

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   negate
truth:  serve   resource

test:  setup the server .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  setup   clones
truth:  setup   server

test:  takes a collection of constraints .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  unpacks   smooth
truth:  unpacks   vector

test:  convert a plaintext cdao to a value suitable for use in <script> protocol .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  returns the value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  concatenate all values in values into a dict .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   exposes
truth:  format   values

test:  returns the differences between two strings .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  differentiate   imposes
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  launch a network device id .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  checks if the name can be parsed against the default folders for both single season folders if you need to force season folders to be enabled or not .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters all model attributes except for any of the dictionary .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  filter   force
truth:  filter   kwargs

test:  url-encode strings to make them safe for a single extension .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return module version or none if version cant be retrieved .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  start system 1 .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  ensure that the __pycache__ tree exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  feature finds a feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return true if the provided url is valid .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a hypercube .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  returns   declared
truth:  returns   samples

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   dimension
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  this function replaces the model .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   reboot
truth:  returns   singleton

test:  retrieve flavor by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   detach
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  set the http password .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  completely completely completely interface to a session .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  update   clones
truth:  update   server

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  put info on all paragraphs to enhance into enhance .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  return a function that maps matcher factories to new matcher factories .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  get a list of all the data in an operator .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  builds a test suite for the gdal tests .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   compiles
truth:  partitions   suite

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  if the sys .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  get the average complex dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  remove titles .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   producing
truth:  create   certificate

test:  determine if we are running on an amazon web .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  add the path output to the y intersections .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the row of a row element-wise row .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   downloading
truth:  make   package

test:  remove a users file from the specified users incrontab file .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  the file can be used to create the static file that is .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  set a simple log request to the provided headers .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  write   stubbed
truth:  write   headers

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   optdict
truth:  convert   lines

test:  write text to filename .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  sab a carving .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  fetches url and returns the content .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  validates the number of interfaces for use in the tab .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  throws   asarray
truth:  throws   cases

test:  make some change to a deployment deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  make   logout
truth:  make   change

test:  get the ip addresses assigned to the system .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  test if the database has an initialized support .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  check   responds
truth:  check   database

test:  a dummy text to stdout .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  generate the django notebook .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  extract messages from requests error .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   usage_key_string
truth:  error   view

test:  returns a list with respect to a string .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  determine   carve
truth:  determine   word

test:  creates a new 128 .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   instruments
truth:  delete   keystone

test:  wait for the minion dependencies will only be set .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  multi-dimensional gaussian filter with gaussian shape .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  tests that the wsgi of the service ordering is retrieved .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  prints a message along with context .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  add or starts a set of parameters job .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   default
truth:  start   part

test:  run a certificate of a certificate .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  extract   producing
truth:  extract   certificate

test:  check if regression test for a regression test having .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  saves homogeneous to file .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   command
truth:  save   session

test:  returns a registered review request .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return disk usage associated with a specified path .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  validate the contents of a caffe text .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  like chaining .
truth: print with color . 
test:  print   detects
truth:  print   color

test:  returns user-agent .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  responds   widen
truth:  responds   frontend

test:  checks to see if a mock patch is available .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  takes element and moves xml element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  removes   tile
truth:  removes   information

test:  integration test .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  tests that we find numbers with exponents and negative signs .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  load an active notebook .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  prepare   setuptools
truth:  prepare   notebook

test:  set the labels on the local node .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  replace   centers
truth:  replace   labels

test:  convert an ip address string from standard quad format to long storage .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  take a network device and build a dictionary of variables defined in the network .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  return the updates learning expression .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   dispatches
truth:  updates   learning

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   autogenerated
truth:  run   benchmarks

test:  return a synchronization wrapper for a rawarray .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   register
truth:  return   wrapper

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  escape a string in readable format .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  launch pending commands .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  link   reserializes
truth:  link   widget

test:  find the edge magnitude using the sobel operator .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  internal helper function for apply a single template .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  displays the data from a docker nest server .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  parse the response for the given xml file .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wrapper to run the main connection .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  runs   paging
truth:  runs   interface

test:  match a forms .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  terminate   explode
truth:  terminate   processes

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  a: a matrix b: a theano vector with the elementwise and v .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  compute sample spline for two independent samples .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   interprets
truth:  compute   intervals

test:  get the nthhost and offsets if its not a value .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   preloading
truth:  get   host

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  on delete of the file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  helper method to generate urls .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  test custom inverse warning .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   forget
truth:  test   inverse

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  construct a sql machine .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  result   pulls
truth:  result   null

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  if data is a shared variable .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  constructs   divides
truth:  constructs   matrices

test:  this method is needed for testing directly by scripts .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return a protocol from the tool shed url .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  user can grant route .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  returns   astring
truth:  returns   route

test:  return a list of software versions from initial os .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extracts   exposes
truth:  extracts   values

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   pings
truth:  force   behavior

test:  returns the path to the checkpoint directory checkpointdir: .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  creates   reshapes
truth:  creates   serialization

test:  decorator for views which should be used on a view .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  find the heap in heap .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  save all the value from a filename in a fits file .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  get   assume
truth:  get   header

test:  flatten a single input tensor .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flattens   simulating
truth:  flattens   input

test:  give the appropriate time .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   modbus
truth:  set   cookie

test:  test that a 3d example with a 3d issue convergence/divergence .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  authorize user to the api .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   allocate
truth:  validate   user

test:  convert an s3 key to the given uri .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  computes the sum of .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  adds a subset of text before processing and end .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  returns a safe weekdays for a year .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  produces   disables
truth:  produces   datetime

test:  retrieve the declarative base base class for the given base .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  retrieves all single course milestones for the specified course .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  estimate   annoy
truth:  estimate   rank

test:  decorator for multilines asint .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  parse a date string according to the pseudo-xml downscale .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   focused
truth:  parse   dates

test:  indent text with a maximum indent .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  indent   flip
truth:  indent   python

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  tries to find a list of distributions .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   int
truth:  finds   match

test:  renders a list of available updates .
truth: home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  user can login .
truth: user can login . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  make   lowercases
truth:  make   verbose

test:  get the current video scale .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   repeat
truth:  get   scaling

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   wants
truth:  convert   parts

test:  get the current user uid .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  shut down the application .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  shutdown   encapsulate
truth:  shutdown   instance

test:  filters out doc based on current fields .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  patch   localize
truth:  patch   reference

test:  return a function to a cache for any spector .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  cache   bench
truth:  cache   value

test:  create a java-style secondary table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  setup the wink sensor .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  calculates the checksum checksum of a possibly .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  pulls   brings
truth:  pulls   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test must not import .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  generate an image to be published and removes unit .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  pulls   throttle
truth:  pulls   unit

test:  get the default encoding used for the domain .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  remove a user from an error from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   rising
truth:  remove   group

test:  enable tracing enhanced stream with retries .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  report   activate
truth:  report   delete

test:  check if the named service is disabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates a github security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   reduced
truth:  updates   cli

test:  plot the open summary of the pkgin .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  represent   support
truth:  represent   time

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a dict of fields of every duplicates of the keys in this key .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the location of the dirs and configuration file .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  creates a list of lists of httpnfclease .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  get   stacks
truth:  get   states

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  test the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove all modules .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  unload   tear
truth:  unload   module

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   prefilled
truth:  release   hosts

test:  remove all files below a tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  send a notification about a given host .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   preloading
truth:  send   host

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   hanging
truth:  clear   variables

test:  setup a simple gpg_keydir .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  set   shortens
truth:  set   classes

test:  compile a sequence of strings into a sql expression .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compiles   enhanced
truth:  compiles   object

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  return a 2-tuple containing .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  get a specific object for a user .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  execute nagios nagios plugins .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   copy
truth:  run   nagios

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  returns   disables
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  construct a message from a rx_msgs message object .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  stop all instances in a given version .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stops   borrowed
truth:  stops   instances

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  a signal receiver which updates the last_login date when a user presses .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  handle different topomap of oldest .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  color   works
truth:  color   selection

test:  import and import a module .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  determine if the datastore of the datastore transaction is in the datastore .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if router is router .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  based   defines
truth:  based   attributes

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   blocks
truth:  collate   representation

test:  fetches the maximum value of a key .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  this function creates a mailchimp segments that can be called in the mailchimp segments of our mailchimp segments .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  retrieves the notification notification listener .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  return   initialized
truth:  return   notification

test:  remove a file .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns a function used for diffs diffs .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  returns a modified attribute of a function .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a set of firstset .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  chop a sequence of pairs .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chops   sparks
truth:  chops   number

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  delete   teardown
truth:  delete   type

test:  from 5-minute .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  decorator to add a function to the end of the decorated function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  munging to turn a method name into a post-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  munging   located
truth:  munging   method

test:  return a string with nulls removed .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  return a boolean indicating whether obj is the same file object for suds .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  makes   authenticated
truth:  makes   everything

test:  display source and nobs_all entries that are the same .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  verifies that the string can be coerced to a fallback .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  forces arguments can be used for c3d .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  create   utf-8
truth:  create   argument

test:  image to a current image parameters fname : the figure to query .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   restrict
truth:  save   array

test:  create and configure an autoconfig client .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  demonstrates the contents of the static files .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  copies   logging
truth:  copies   flask

test:  returns the class type for the given type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  remove a custom network network_id id of network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   requesting
truth:  remove   i

test:  given a word body .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  return path where the users incrontab is in a .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns the class type for the given type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  creates a datastore key from an app path .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  convert   review
truth:  convert   keys

test:  make sure that the dataset scaling scaling are not lost .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  tests   utf-8
truth:  tests   argument

test:  returns the number of edges that are not in g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  gets virtual interface info from instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  verify given and shouldnt shouldnt be absolute .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  following   pulls
truth:  following   null

test:  a generator that iterates all translations from source .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  adds a task to the task .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  print out the current active mon .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  helper function to check if a user wants to log a permission .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  raise   allocate
truth:  raise   user

test:  verify the push source to a zipline array .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  changes the named vm cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reset   hostname
truth:  reset   vm

test:  it should download download from pypi from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  pulls   inf
truth:  pulls   download

test:  load a new file and files .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  escape a dn .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return a list of grains .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return the internally prefix for a key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  returns a due date in seconds with the given date .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  get   speed
truth:  get   minutes

test:  generate batches of inputs .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  this is just a helper function to find the nearest state of the distribution .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a package .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   debugging
truth:  delete   dataset

test:  change the name of the qapplication instance .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   stores
truth:  change   name

test:  run a bash bash shell command .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return numeric assortativity for attribute .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  compute   looping
truth:  compute   node

test:  return the certificate of a certificate file cert_file the certificate to find the certificate of cli example: .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  stops the rabbitmq application via rabbitmqctl set_permissions cli example: .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  check to make sure sets of sets a collection of sets using expected and truncate are the same .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  compare   s
truth:  compare   sets

test:  find a series by given image id .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  removes a given single user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  this decorator wraps methods to ensure the request - actually start the handler .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  remove a tag to be created .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   target_expressing
truth:  remove   question

test:  ensure that the keystone keystone is absent name the name of the tenant client that should be absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  generate a figure with a new figure .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the content of a base object .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   binding
truth:  return   fact

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  each line breaks .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   gauss
truth:  wrap   strings

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  return a list of file names in the given path .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return weekly downloads if active counts is under the given switch .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  update   pend
truth:  update   day

test:  takes an gammacorrect .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  make   small_stmts
truth:  make   line

test:  removes a path from sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  adds   inform
truth:  adds   entry

test:  try to start the host from the provided host and remove an arbitrary url from the given url .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  creates a pdf page for a filename .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  given   disabling
truth:  given   filenames

test:  check if we are running in the same platform .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  reject   scop
truth:  reject   token

test:  try to get a version from the package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  loads a ctypes library from a ctypes .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  tests suggestion a suggestion that has changed and then add them to the template .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  tests   mock
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  save the model to the database model .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  gets information about the hosts sld returns a dictionary of information about the requested dns server and its path sld about the server .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  create a continuous random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the capabilities api request .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  validates that the version is a valid version of the current system version .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  check   loading
truth:  check   bower

test:  new document form .
truth: new document form . 
test:  document   r^2
truth:  document   form

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path symbol .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   offset
truth:  find   parameters

test:  turns a list of prowl .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  remove   scaled
truth:  remove   queue

test:  determine a common array of product instances for a block of type orthogonal .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  reset a shell command from minion .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  test reading raw data files .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  run the testsuite sdk sdk .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   timing
truth:  mix   spaces

test:  get the float .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  check if hadoop is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  print the channel .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  kronecker product of a sparse matrix .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get all submodules and descriptions in a given module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   rel_path
truth:  get   submodules

test:  get a list of hosts and their callback from the keyinfo .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  builds   switch
truth:  builds   list

test:  return true if the f(x) is a unix file .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  retrieve facts information from facts file .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  example of four vat on the rolls number .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  download a gaussian link from the current user .
truth: download a file . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  take a logical volume of a snapshot snapshot and write it in a snapshot .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  take   indexes
truth:  take   snapshot

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  create a printed array that instantiates multiple elemwise information .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  test cross product with lots of elements .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  test   registers
truth:  test   product

test:  convert int or long int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  adds a variable to a sparse variable .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  add   divides
truth:  add   matrices

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   slice
truth:  encode   pickle

test:  convert 2 chunks to a lower triangular definition .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  convert   packed
truth:  convert   chunks

test:  looks up an image of a nxn tensor .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  squeezing   colored
truth:  squeezing   operation

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  test that a regression removes the entropy of a part/url .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  returns edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected spanning the minimum spanning .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   echo
truth:  generate   minimum

test:  a decorator that ignores exception_class warnings .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd of f and g in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  add vertex given stl text .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   swaps
truth:  add   faces

test:  returns the log of the sequence x .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  creates   providing
truth:  creates   tensor

test:  equally the given function by holding a specific set of arguments .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   stopped
truth:  output   statistics

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  inttobits output the ufunc of remains .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  produces   restrict
truth:  produces   array

test:  structures a collection of all ancestor records for a person entity .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  dragonfly doji .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dictionary of mappings for first mappings to format .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  check the validity of git .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  parse a json file and return json python object .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  get a list of backing devices .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  generates the cyclic group of order groups as a permutation group .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  function to format a warning the standard way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  index a query .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  show   bring
truth:  show   page

test:  kill listen on a namespace and a new process .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  load a aux module from an app .
truth: in apps . 
test:  pulls   plot
truth:  pulls   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  restores the sympy normally record when the current keyboard has been returned .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   forbid
truth:  restore   options

test:  create a new client .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  yield n items of a list .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  the answer function h .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  lay   tsv
truth:  lay   components

test:  returns all possible terms of f(x) .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  function   registers
truth:  function   product

test:  return unicode name of 8bit ascii string .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  return   intermediates
truth:  return   8bit

test:  sets up and private bearing details .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  return   algorithm
truth:  return   points

test:  build a query to get list of fields and format: format: .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  convert a unicode object to unicode .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  encode   flip
truth:  encode   python

test:  checks if path does not exist in the current language .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  ensure ansible is only built as kankun .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  initialize   adjust
truth:  initialize   inventory

test:  convert a space separated string to a scope .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  returns a function that operates as a list of fields of the provided list .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  helper function for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a dictionary of servers .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  supported   stacks
truth:  supported   states

test:  clean up a key from uid .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  make   defines
truth:  make   attributes

test:  turn all nested sequences in seq into chunks .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  return a boolean from product or raise .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  a regression decorator for transfers transfers .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  implement hi on the sample data .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  given   currents
truth:  given   state

test:  return the name of the primary group that owns a given file this function will return the rarely used primary group of a file this function will return the rarely
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  setup setup for console class .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  check   stays
truth:  check   sphinx

test:  returns a versioned receipt for the given receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  reissues   operands
truth:  reissues   receipt

test:  validates an integer for use in range .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  searches the hash for the fn function .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  looks   labeled
truth:  looks   file

test:  write samples to file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  decorator to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports which are visible to modify a new l2 .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dict of {field_index: } .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  return a dictionary of information and a named user .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return the media type arguments: media type : the lhs object the rhs of the media type .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  returns   slave_open
truth:  returns   media

test:  write wcsconfig output to a file .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  return information on a specific volume(s) cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  show   solve
truth:  show   settings

test:  dump message into a log file .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  print   order
truth:  print   traceback

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  save all requests .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  read a arraydesc encoded file as a 64-bit bytes .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  adds a user to the api server .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   express
truth:  returns   -

test:  write a trees in newick format to a specific file .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get complete members from group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate a json file of top-level operations .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  converts an integer to a string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   capturing
truth:  converts   error

test:  download the actual file from the provided data .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  retrieves   restoring
truth:  retrieves   data

test:  just a function so that the program will debounce a single function .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  prevents   reported
truth:  prevents   function

test:  returns an utf-8 representation of unicode or raise .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  return a tuple that is not bound to be removed .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  renders a list of functions that are not migrated to display the template context .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  pulls   building
truth:  pulls   tag

test:  consume url 4d3185662ca61bc9fa1bdf1ec0166f6e5ecf86c6/bigtable-client-core/src/ are not allowed in javascript via trimming .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  consume   prioritized
truth:  consume   messages

test:  get the name .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  drop   eliminating
truth:  drop   cache

test:  start a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if filename may be a file .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  web server to use .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  draw   collate
truth:  draw   box

test:  decorator to do the response be asynchronous .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  decorated   constrained
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  extracts html values from a player binary array .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  checks that a package version number is equal to the current versions version .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  given   extract
truth:  given   version

test:  helper method to grab sessionmaker newly .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   address
truth:  return   sqlalchemy

test:  restores the path from the register device .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  sets   unquoting
truth:  sets   environment

test:  for routines that return a ctypes function that returns a pointer .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute a dictionary of product objects ordered by given path .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  construct   continues
truth:  construct   svg

test:  return true if inputs have any inputs of inputs .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  converts obj to a float .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove ansi color references from the source text .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  remove   polynomials
truth:  remove   codes

test:  return true if the graph is a list of nodes .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  find all files in a given path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  iterates over a requirements file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  yield   mounts
truth:  yield   objects

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  appends   emitting
truth:  appends   character

test:  list all comments .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  prints   dataframe
truth:  prints   comments

test:  given an application name and a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns true if checksum is compatible .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  take the class of the objects for every pack .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generate   regressiont
truth:  generate   index

test:  returns all entity matching the filters .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  include   located
truth:  include   method

test:  return list of image codes from *errnames .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  return   capturing
truth:  return   error

test:  extract a collection of the choices from a collection of choices .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  select   int
truth:  select   match

test:  make sure a from a buffer is of type or unicode string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  calls users .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieves   generate
truth:  retrieves   users

test:  function which gets the list of requests based on the device .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  get   knapsack
truth:  get   request

test:  creates a command .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  starts   decorates
truth:  starts   web

test:  copies a queryoptions to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   flow
truth:  copies   fields

test:  finds default values of a collection of kwargs .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  set   resolving
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  set up the hostinterface: .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  the square order of seq .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  true if the current request is bsd .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  initialize the dtypes: for linear column .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  stripping   enqueued
truth:  stripping   po

test:  adapt the sqlite blob so that it can be compared to a 'largeobjects .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  objects   mounts
truth:  objects   objects

test:  the contract creation of the contract creation in the contract .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return the first minima of the given response body .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  extract   access
truth:  extract   url

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  set output of commands .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  dummy view .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  fetch local s3 image represented by the provided s3 id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  add x values to a .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  runs   exhaust
truth:  runs   conversion

test:  tests that the messages of the folder has the same way as the old data .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  import a dotted module path and return the attribute/class designated by the path .
truth: source: django . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  view which checks if a setup is smtp .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of unique elements of the provided header .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  format   enhance
truth:  format   items

test:  convert a real matrix to a real matrix the iterator [0 [0 .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  make sure empty and y can do the specificity average .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns true if the filepath is a fits origin .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  determine   evaluated
truth:  determine   origin

test:  calculating :math:log(x function from structured in mathbb z_p[z] .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator for views that require user to be created .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  removes the edges between node1 and node2 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  pulls   descend
truth:  pulls   edges

test:  generates a bunch of communities that googleappengine sizes of the given degree sizes .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  like courseoverview but returns none on error .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  takes   talking
truth:  takes   dict

test:  search for all ports .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  use   fold
truth:  use   backend

test:  reset index index for the first index in data .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dict with keys specified as dictionaries with labels and set of user attributes .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  returns a string|int| which looks like django .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  collect   specifies
truth:  collect   methods

test:  mock mock dummy request to allow the ccx api .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return a data to a file server .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  serialize user for html .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  remove the clean files .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  cleanup   flattens
truth:  cleanup   output

test:  return true if the latest value is a boolean .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  serialize the xml element into a dict .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  serialize   uncheck
truth:  serialize   element

test:  return a message along with unnamed resources .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  computes the compute the compute icon of a layer .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  helper to create a new variable initialized with variable .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the last time of the window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  setup the mficlient .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  parse topic .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fetch the archive .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  return the int or comments for an object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  build and return branches .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  pulls   forgot
truth:  pulls   project

test:  this function is used by the main .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test that the sentiment and ignore parameter override a bug .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   span

test:  retrieves the operations and run a new job with the given version .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  retrieves items from the model and themed timings .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  parse and return a dict of different parameters .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  split   raise
truth:  split   term

test:  a decorator which does a function have all the func whose functions is func and does not contain ei .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  apply   accepting
truth:  apply   e

test:  parse a page .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  detects   ip
truth:  detects   paths

test:  computes the transfer function for the inputs of a layer .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   currents
truth:  writes   state

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   spawn
truth:  initalize   devices

test:  returns a new environment variables .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  compute histogram data of a binned or binary array .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  pulls   unshelve
truth:  pulls   interval

test:  ensure an apache module is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  helper to fit the result of a newly response .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  returns true if camelcase is reserved from a reserved with key-value pairs .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  evaluates the natural logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return a string indicating that the replacement for the given version is still deprecated .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  generate   validates
truth:  generate   addition

test:  clips clips filter .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  note   pulls
truth:  note   null

test:  converts camel-case style names to camel .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  make sure that a failure can be installed and will create a failure .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  test   do
truth:  test   hashes

test:  calls serially .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  unpack a unicode data .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  attempt to determine the type of a network interface .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  gets   paging
truth:  gets   interface

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  calculate the qnwunif for the values of a rectangle function the upper triangular matrix returns nodes of the discrete weights .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  evaluate cutoff with cutoff at cutoff .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write to a file .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   labeled
truth:  update   file

test:  do the data for the data buffer or the data source file .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  this is a helper function that converts any much to the lags .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  alternate shell file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  cancel all pending alerts alerts .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add a craft plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  disable enhanced enhanced stream with name stream_name .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  fast fastq to generic dict .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  replace instances like attribute with submission .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  sets   constrain
truth:  sets   attribute

test:  like dep .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  generate indices to indices in the current machine .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  create a node to find the node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  create   implemented
truth:  create   x11

test:  watch salts event object suitable for the named transport .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets a new cos**2 zone .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  get a mapping file using encryption loop .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  function   define
truth:  function   path

test:  uploads a package .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  uploads   downloading
truth:  uploads   package

test:  fetches all next ids for the given user in a given collection .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   coordinates
truth:  returns   exploration

test:  set a new view of the views on the host .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   predicate
truth:  format   sql

test:  write file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  get all releases linked to a track object .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   instanticates
truth:  get   releases

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  detach an existing function .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  remove   looping
truth:  remove   node

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  make the resetwarnings .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  clear   eventlet
truth:  clear   warning

test:  a generator for compiling files in setup .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  yield   leaving
truth:  yield   cython

test:  process data to a file .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  process   format
truth:  process   parameter

test:  return a single document for the resource .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   defines
truth:  fix   attributes

test:  return true if the given view may have a inject or false .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  reset a unit for a given technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  resets   xlsx
truth:  resets   query

test:  return the path to the every interface of an interface .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  strips zero or message if it is valid .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function for quickly getting a streamhandler .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  configure   hacked
truth:  configure   buffer

test:  compute the matrix exponential using pade approximation .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  construct   r^2
truth:  construct   form

test:  convert an opcode to the locale string .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  return the hash of git .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  return a list of all the keys on the master and status cli example: .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  convert a audio audio querystring to a dictionary .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a signed message .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  returns   sign
truth:  returns   pair

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  return the gridsize force of a distance array of blocks in a entire way .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname strings .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return true if file name is bad .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  identify   config
truth:  identify   patterns

test:  associate dhcp option bad dhcp options .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  test   forbid
truth:  test   options

test:  create private key .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate tests for temporary values .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  default   unpin
truth:  default   routine

test:  update a datasets metadata .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  renders capa template .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  fixture that returns a dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   carry
truth:  fixture   test

test:  return the status for a service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  memo decorator for sequences of each base class .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  pulls   convert
truth:  pulls   sequences

test:  return a list of all active mounts cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   logfilesize
truth:  list   linux

test:  get the mysensors service instances for the notification service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  adds a search for a using the storage search .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  add   dos
truth:  add   search

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  generate a sim for a given identity dictionary .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  creates multiple actions for the given sequence of data .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   fixed
truth:  creates   scenario

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc return a string or .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  computes gcd of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pretty-print a single object to a indentation line .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  generates exists notification exists for the given volume .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  generates   initialized
truth:  generates   notification

test:  return the gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  context manager to capture stderr .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   feeds
truth:  context   stderr

test:  test no data for a none containing serie .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  reset the template info for a template cache .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   eliminating
truth:  reset   cache

test:  return path to open file .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  ternary ternary on last box with the following target .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  process   fitnesse
truth:  process   events

test:  get current configuration file .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  calculates a hash with cache .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  used   eliminating
truth:  used   cache

test:  return the metric of the graph .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  return   sift
truth:  return   metric

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  attempts to bootstrap a valid bootstrap message classes into a finishedjobregistry list of filenames used to go .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  return   shortens
truth:  return   classes

test:  creates an ebsblockdeviceapi access token .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  compute a file or directory .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  locate   labeled
truth:  locate   file

test:  returns mobius or odd parit for a source test vector .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  return   joined
truth:  return   decryption

test:  create an cfn tags .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  access a message from a recipient stream .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  create a simple pool for a given monitor .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  create   inputs
truth:  create   monitor

test:  return a response object with default values .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  set   preload
truth:  set   content

test:  documents the action method for a resource .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  saves an image to disk .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  creates   grabs
truth:  creates   png

test:  watch a single topicsread enable the last read method and wrap wrap .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given source .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  wait for a port to be shared .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  starts   distribute
truth:  starts   proxy

test:  translates the exception message using the given locale .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  translates   eliminates
truth:  translates   elements

test:  get pci device by node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  read a file and return the parsed source .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  execute   optimized
truth:  execute   script

test:  sets the level of the request level .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  imports a module based on the module name .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  evaluate a network .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  transfer   rescanning
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require english tutorial .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   carry
truth:  require   test

test:  return the sum representation of an instance .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   lets
truth:  get   handler

test:  step 1b .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   answers
truth:  step   handles

test:  sends a messages to a remote messages .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  read   simulating
truth:  read   input

test:  splitpasswd --> user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns a paper function as a paper of the "exec" algorithm .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  compute an md5 hash of a given encoded string .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  gets the given value .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   reduce
truth:  convert   shorthand

test:  converts decimal units with provided unit to a search_service_pb .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  takes   query
truth:  takes   position

test:  use git path to number_items dscovr .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  extract   define
truth:  extract   path

test:  not yet access .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  make sure the server is suitable for the response .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   barcodes
truth:  assert   http

test:  perform a continuous subsequence of the power of n .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  process a new model .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  aborts   deregister
truth:  aborts   jobs

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ unattached code .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  pulls   apps_count_installed
truth:  pulls   gateway

test:  compile_single compile the given pyrex implementation file .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   monitor
truth:  compile   compile

test:  import location for database import .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  make a directory .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dictionary of the redirects in *x* .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  find   regressiont
truth:  find   index

test:  add a intercept panel to the panel .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   mutate
truth:  add   column

test:  converts a string to a valid lowercase .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  prepend   listen
truth:  prepend   key

test:  convert a dictionary to timeval .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  recursively include files in directory and return all files in the given directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  test reconstruction where the image and less than the same mask .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  information about a file .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   shared
truth:  escapes   string

test:  returns true if the node is an alias of the node .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  detect   looping
truth:  detect   node

test:  computes the square root of a square matrix .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  computes the russellrao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  dragonfly doji .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  pulls   printed
truth:  pulls   pattern

test:  a decorator that just returns whether the given function name is a callable of a task .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  create a new archive that will add them to the task .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  starts   polishing
truth:  starts   celery

test:  displays daily table for daily en/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  display   bounds
truth:  display   table

test:  check that the provided versions is loaded .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  signal   builds
truth:  signal   minion

test:  returns program path or none .
truth: source: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  convert a sequence of sequences to a python sequence .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  translate   shared
truth:  translate   string

test:  decode a jpeg string into one 3-d .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  returns the float representation of a contrast change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  aaq all the languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  adds   switch
truth:  adds   list

test:  does up the code of url away from up to use up based on the given url .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  convert the value into an integer .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  wait for a assertion expression to become tests .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  remove code from the ccx to a restore file .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  imports and returns the json module .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  validates that value is a valid wamp label .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   piercing
truth:  returns   article

test:  retry decorator .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  creates   float
truth:  creates   decorator

test:  stop eventlet .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   pyopenssls
truth:  stop   greenlet

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  train and query .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return text in triple-double-quoted python 2 .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  noop   reported
truth:  noop   function

test:  determine the name of the password beyond beyond are opened .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  return a list of services that are enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  remove a single file from the python master .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  uses   logfilesize
truth:  uses   linux

test:  ensure text is a city if it is an entry .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  check   unescaped
truth:  check   entries

test:  merge two sorted inputs into a single string .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  takes   decoding
truth:  takes   lists

test:  return a list of tuples of all installed plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   alignment
truth:  load   section

test:  return polynomial norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  make a := code for a given revision .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   capitalizes
truth:  make   revision

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the actual test database .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  checks if a country is a leading zero zero code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  checks   rq
truth:  checks   country

test:  computes the offset of a numpy array .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  offset   pulls
truth:  offset   null

test:  returns url of github when a github file is over .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get the float checksum of the loop at least the point in end .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   converse
truth:  get   ratio

test:  delete raw filters .
truth: close indices . 
test:  close   sparsedataset
truth:  close   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  calculates the coefficient of the values in the coefficient .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  creates the user with xmpp permissions .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   restart
truth:  creates   account

test:  test chart rendering with difference types .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  check   replay
truth:  check   chart

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  a dict with all keys of the provided dict .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  pulls   disabling
truth:  pulls   filenames

test:  how many video outputs does not create an event manager .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the temperature sensor .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  gets   multistringformfields
truth:  gets   temperature

test:  reboot a machine by name .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  decorator to mark a function to be run .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  test figure creation when a figure is subclassed .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   parens
truth:  test   figure

test:  quick and dirty if a file is raised .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  force   trivial
truth:  force   connection

test:  get the value with the first occurence of the value in the split line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  check and return side of iterators .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  check a message is a dictionary .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  start the tomcat service .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  get a list of refs to push the refs file to the refs .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  remote   yields
truth:  remote   push

test:  test that debug logs a file .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   attriute
truth:  test   stdout

test:  function for displaying expression representations with vector printing enabled .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  returns   sums
truth:  returns   expression

test:  encode chops and the result of a matrix .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  pickles   utf-8
truth:  pickles   argument

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   increment
truth:  function   gradient

test:  this only compare two cancelled to preserve some pooling .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a set of dict for all topic nodes with limited fields for each input content .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data modechoice data and return a numpy array of data .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  set up the test scenario for the given scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   fixed
truth:  set   scenario

test:  generate a tuple string of length in the order .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  returns a tuple of bytes or a tuple of color tuples .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  turn   returns
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery animations on the page .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   synchronize
truth:  matching   addresses

test:  ipdb callback that return a trace module to be used as rq .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of packages that have changed packages .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  disable the paging of output on uuid .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  return a list of languages languages for all languages .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  get head stats .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  addresses issue #5835 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  addresses   pulls
truth:  addresses   null

test:  return activation name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  parse rows with mapping file without any of the same mapping .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  no crash crash .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  when a all collectors are present .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   clone
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond5 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  returns all of node subscriptions unless the user is an packs on .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  pass me an object and .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  get the font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   reset
truth:  get   reader

test:  group add view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   astring
truth:  add   route

test:  returns the maximum of a variable along an axis .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  rewrite a vlan to the given bridge .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  create   deserialized
truth:  create   bridge

test:  disconnect all connections and its contents .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  disconnect   pulls
truth:  disconnect   null

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  supports the command-line arguments listed below .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  builds   rectify
truth:  builds   parser

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  return a random color string .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   been
truth:  return   format

test:  is the same declaration .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  load ledger .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  update the num and then updates the num method .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  given a node .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  equality_expression : equality_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  resolve a machine to an integer .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  print output to stdout .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  enable   flattens
truth:  enable   output

test:  takes a soundcloud api key and returns a dict .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  detects and returns a persistent pem compatible pem value .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  execute queries against sqlcipher .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  execute   expects
truth:  execute   queries

test:  generator function for base64 .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns the internal relationship class from the user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return lower bound for the quality (q) .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  joins a left .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  left   input_string
truth:  left   join

test:  create a custom formstyle for the incident formstyle .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   predicate
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test for behaviour of different from right coordinates .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   attributes
truth:  test   arrays

test:  any key=value which gets called from code to be removed .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  run the command on arguments .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  main entry point for x-delete-at configuration .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  parses html from a string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  computes the paired distances between x and y .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   capitalize
truth:  computes   distances

test:  run a series of pending events .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   deregister
truth:  run   jobs

test:  adds an image and rois within that project .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  project   forwards
truth:  project   image

test:  return a tuple representing the information on the minion cli example: .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  internet method .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  install python .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  a factory function to create a new wsgi server for ssl server .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  creates   clones
truth:  creates   server

test:  gets or create user by user_id .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  returns true if the version is a beta beta version .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  convert a string of bytes into a time .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  parse   unpublicizes
truth:  parse   description

test:  plot evoked as a fixed image .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  check for cinder docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this method determines if an alias is a thumbnail .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns the sanitizer within a^p .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  checks   attributes
truth:  checks   arrays

test:  process the xml element from attribute dictionary .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  smooth relu .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  scrub a user that tells the ending of a .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  rebuild   drawing
truth:  rebuild   tags

test:  get a psget .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  initialize a pb event .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  coerce to a timestamp .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is changed to none .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  test   converted
truth:  test   block

test:  unpickle flask application .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  rebuild   poll
truth:  rebuild   versions

test:  some doc .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  refresh   constructs
truth:  refresh   lock

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  formats a string of introns .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  an integer in a url .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  return true if g is a subgraph independent set .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  load an most appropriate class by a setting name .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  returns a list of words .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  helper function for computing variables .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  generates   restoring
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote -> int generator .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  removes   learn
truth:  removes   quotes

test:  returns the default value of just a assets .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  tests that falseout is passed in .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  verify   expr
truth:  verify   valueerror

test:  creates a color from the given color dict .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  build   detects
truth:  build   color

test:  update review reviews for all denorm reviews .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  takes   scans
truth:  takes   pairs

test:  write out http time fields to a dictionary of the given time .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  rest controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a url that catches the current image from a given request .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  for geos requests .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  add   inform
truth:  add   entry

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif vif .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  change email address .
truth: change users email . 
test:  change   equalize
truth:  change   email

test:  rescanning a sizer onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   capture
truth:  push   bit

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  messaging delete page .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  returns the expected key for an error message .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  use an etag_func() that returns unquoted .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  fetches a list of all ports on the tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   unsqueezing
truth:  install   setuptools

test:  ensures that when a django request was returned .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  logs   applied
truth:  logs   trace

test:  enable the service on the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  retrieves the url like a url by the url .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  compare   xlsx
truth:  compare   query

test:  average average loss .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  creates datestring examples .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  creates   controls
truth:  creates   ids

test:  downsample each frequency in the downsample column .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  choose   focused
truth:  choose   dates

test:  private method to retrieve and return a list of the information .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   customized
truth:  get   salt

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   wanted
truth:  construct   filename

test:  returns terminal size for a set of terminal .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  module to determine if javascript is in pickle .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  determine   tear
truth:  determine   module

test:  return a nsurl .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  resize   plucks
truth:  resize   window

test:  return a list of users that are available .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  retrieves the total interpreted like a more visible .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  fetches   enhance
truth:  fetches   items

test:  returns an encoder for the enough field of a tag .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  check if the filename is absolute .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  write a message to the log file .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   located
truth:  log   method

test:  return a formal from a given array that could be used in the given relationship .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  pulls   newlines
truth:  pulls   dimensions

test:  reconstruction on a zero edge should be a zero .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  accept keys under min_version .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  accept   review
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  decrypt encrypted_data using key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  utf-8 utf-8 encoding of utf-8 encoded string representation .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  utf-8   unifies
truth:  utf-8   encoding

test:  update the named file names in one directory .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   fleiss
truth:  return   mysql

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk file are marked .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  initialize a container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  find a standard unquoted module with the given name .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns the contents of the given document as a dict .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  same female yellow sprite -- same as male .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set debconf system configuration variables cli example: .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  uk -  .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  -   allocate
truth:  -   user

test:  return a dict of environment variables .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  return a sparse matrix from a sparse matrix in sparse format returns a sparse matrix of result .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  merges all the keys in "data_dict" to strings .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  restores   usage_key_string
truth:  restores   view

test:  return an instance of the window and registry .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   routing
truth:  get   registry

test:  inject names into place .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  from right right test for pickling 0 .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  checks   align
truth:  checks   observation

test:  check if the given header is set correctly .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  check   assume
truth:  check   header

test:  simulate subcorr inverse problem given data .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   repairs
truth:  compute   correlation

test:  create a simple build tensor .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  create a bound parameter in the insert statement to receive a prefetched default value .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   sums
truth:  create   expression

test:  get the path for zipline zipline root .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  read and return the contents of a dictionary .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  removes irc characters from the string .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds canned to setup .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  see   safe_octal
truth:  see   class

test:  a gettext for defining gettext .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  make   ascii
truth:  make   gnu

test:  return a list of typical models for all related models for the model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  when this post request was created .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  send an event to a mattermost channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   fitnesse
truth:  send   events

test:  randomly select a kruskal-wallis kruskal-wallis .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  retrieve the configuration of the master and return the location of the master database .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  check if file may contain media .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns the value of the user-agent header to use for update requests .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  returns an iterable of lists of length n in the given list .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  returns the last interval of a number .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   unshelve
truth:  returns   interval

test:  require a evil_member user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  jump the current implementation of the context .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  sample   compose
truth:  sample   usage

test:  tests that the suggestion can be tried when the suggestion is unknown .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  register a class for lltd .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add melded pillar by loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  returns true if the passed in address is a throttled .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  determine   based
truth:  determine   address

test:  list an osd cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  list   crops
truth:  list   partitions

test:  convert an integer to a positive integer .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   bench
truth:  ensures   value

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   arrive
truth:  return   escape

test:  given an sqlalchemy .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  pulls   inform
truth:  pulls   entry

test:  get the local network interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  updates the blocks in a mounted device cli example: .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  compute weighted mean of a quality scores .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  transforms   reported
truth:  transforms   function

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  avoid   supports
truth:  avoid   text

test:  check if any of the projects are not anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create an composite credentials from gce .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  return system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  add a menu plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  set the base class for the given gcf .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  clear   parens
truth:  clear   figure

test:  list task spool .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   mount
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypts   pulls
truth:  encrypts   null

test:  returns the base url from base url as a base url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the file server .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the bridge to which packages are created to cli example: .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   totodiles
truth:  returns   machines

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  check that the cirs *sigma* give the right frames .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  check if the given arguments are valid .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  given a number of screen .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get a django file from the logs which will be read and return the file next .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  pulls   attribute
truth:  pulls   statements

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   pack
truth:  prewitt   edge

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  pulls   unzips
truth:  pulls   drivers

test:  create a temporary file with a temporary name .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  import and return the module .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  perform an openid request to be created when n: n: .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  complete   pulls
truth:  complete   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to test the state of the object .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   freeze
truth:  test   processing

test:  returns a string representation of the given money code .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  prevent user can run socket .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  patches   requested
truth:  patches   detection

test:  returns for the element of invalid data .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  drops   clip
truth:  drops   record

test:  check if the footer footer is the footer .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns the version .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  insert text to the specified cursor .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  checks whether the given word is any of the given word .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  convert a string or byte array into a single complement .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  returns a function that ignores any arguments in the given iterable .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the result of a method and its children .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  when command is run .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  a wsgi environment which helps to wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  turns   located
truth:  turns   method

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  creates an event .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check that mongo is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   encoding
truth:  check   mongo

test:  repack options then returns a dictionary of options .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the information returned when the specified jid was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  update neighbour neighbour info in database .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  removes permissions for an image .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  the stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   link
truth:  stream   factory

test:  is the adobe .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  generate an empty identity request .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a row in a image dict format .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  return a list of commands that contain the boot command .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  return a generator which can be used as an iterator of nodes .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  return   manages
truth:  return   expansion

test:  returns the path to the value of the repository that should be treated as a repository .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  helper to call a configuration .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  return application application object .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  instantiate   roundrobin
truth:  instantiate   application

test:  returns the count of a file from a given file .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  iterate over all callable .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  initialize   branching
truth:  initialize   progress

test:  get all volume groups in a group .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   deflate
truth:  parse   config

test:  generate unique id in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  set held to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  put   get_auth_provider
truth:  put   hold

test:  clean up assets from the database .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  function for tests in a simple way .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  set up a previously set up to the vulnerabilities .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  test a1=a2=1 .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return true if *obj* is a pair .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  pulls   returns
truth:  pulls   something

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   mount
truth:  deletes   task

test:  get all available regions for the amazon codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  tries   stores
truth:  tries   name

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  batched   attribute
truth:  batched   statements

test:  test input from an error is raised while passing a wrong classifier object .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  default implementation of brand index .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  adjust floating points that are visible in a floating css document .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  export data to tool .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  export   aliased
truth:  export   json

test:  returns a list of a given app list .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  get   init
truth:  get   modules

test:  downloads all workflows workflows to a given workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  downloads   moves
truth:  downloads   updates

test:  create an rpc for storing additional key .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  the config of the config .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  updates   talking
truth:  updates   dict

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup the hyperion sensor platform .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   adding
truth:  setup   gpio

test:  get a list of all audit .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  declares some extra key values done as key .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   translates
truth:  declares   flags

test:  test if two independent timedatectl .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   loved
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  pulls   seek
truth:  pulls   subscriptions

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   urlencode
truth:  delete   item

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   dtype
truth:  removes   arg

test:  get the spherical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr operator .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  yield stats to files .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  returns   stopped
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  fetch a entity converter for the specified id .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  returns   override
truth:  returns   converter

test:  this test guards against a file .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  note: this function is designed to be used in the *icrs* .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  get ancestor variables of input variables .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  handler for openid requests to respond to low-level openid .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  returns the file with os .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   flip
truth:  emulate   python

test:  hybi-07 -> int makes a hybi-07 buffer with custom bytes or text .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   github
truth:  make   frame

test:  remove a package lock .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   constructs
truth:  remove   lock

test:  returns a manage .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  return a path to the directory where data dir for .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  for all registered chopped .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  returns the message storage on the request .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  manage ip list for smtp connections .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  manage   disemvowels
truth:  manage   smtp

test:  verify that the class text is the same class .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  failed   containing
truth:  failed   ip

test:  decorator to initialize a full entry by elementary information about the specified by a queryset .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  store   tile
truth:  store   information

test:  return a list of all queues .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  landing page for support .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   grouping
truth:  return   system

test:  spin up the server .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  stop   clones
truth:  stop   server

test:  return a list of columns with the columns in the given cols .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  locate   mounts
truth:  locate   objects

test:  construct a url from :py:class:optionparser .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  transforms an otu log table by performing an otu log table .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  test logarithmic option with a bad range of values .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  init generated comments .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  create a test wheel for pip .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  test   unload
truth:  test   client

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   intrepret
truth:  generate   pdf

test:  register a mapping mapping .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  given   spyders
truth:  given   scheme

test:  return if the project filter to be create or update project .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  return detailed information about a named vm .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns the lower tags for a given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the contour column of a solver .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  wrap user around login to log requires flask or admin credentials .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  convert a boolean value to a corresponding boolean value .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  get   binding
truth:  get   fact

test:  returns the comment modelform class .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  return tree tree migrates in the lookups .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  campaigns the inline request from the aws request .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  remove virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   jitter
truth:  remove   guest

test:  test whether a path is a file .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  ignore if the user is not allowed to administer for the sysadmin .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  ignore   allocate
truth:  ignore   user

test:  returns the right comparison between a matrix .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  show   registers
truth:  show   product

test:  evaluate the set of pairs describing the error .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  return   running
truth:  return   math

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free interface on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   retain
truth:  ask   platform

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  returns the maximum of a data array of matrices along an axis axis .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters year:int  returns dataframe .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  return the metric module of the given name .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  determine if a model is multiple primary .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  return the information for a specific vm .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  test installing from a wheel with a wheel .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  convert a config to a dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  computes the correlation coefficient between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field which generates a list of thumbnails .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  simulate   pings
truth:  simulate   behavior

test:  asserts that two arrays are equal .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  assert   collecting
truth:  assert   b

test:  default implementation of the fresh login .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this method prints the historical of a sample array .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  gets the running pipeline from the passed request .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  unclean cached attributes from provider modified .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert a binary plot .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  map   overriding
truth:  map   dimension

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  try to timezone info in a given target using its content .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  test   int
truth:  test   match

test:  returns a unicode string of string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  raise skiptest if the current user is not a admin session .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses a timedelta timestamp into a string .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  process   childnodes
truth:  process   timestamp

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  saves   r^2
truth:  saves   form

test:  helper decorator that ignores exception_class exceptions .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  storage scaling of scaling pack .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  sanitize html representation of an html tree .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  sanitizes   manage
truth:  sanitizes   fragment

test:  and the last wrapper method .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  set a preferred time zone for the user .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   start
truth:  set   zone

test:  return a dictionary without any of the pairs found and the tag info .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  filter   forms
truth:  filter   result

test:  return whether the reuse_db flag was passed .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   trailing
truth:  return   flag

test:  notifies a simple notification to send .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  transform individual index definition to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   hacked
truth:  transform   buffer

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   rising
truth:  construct   group

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  insert a node into the tree by parent directory .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   urlencode
truth:  insert   item

test:  generate a csv for all students on a particular problem for a course .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   project
truth:  generates   ascii

test:  return the attribute name attribute of an object .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  repartition dask dataframe by ranges if a dask has something .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  repartition   pulls
truth:  repartition   null

test:  load a pickle file and return a pickle file .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  gets the path to the template folder in this version .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  returns a plural default number from the given type if it is a plural or not .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  prompt   xfail
truth:  prompt   help

test:  send an sms .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  return a graph of the graph with python-social-auth families .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  for the matrix a matrix of shape a .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  if func is not explicitly passed .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  return list of strings .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  format   simulate
truth:  format   spec

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  module identification function .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  process the rules with the specified weight list .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  walk   unescapes
truth:  walk   rule

test:  reindent any seqs: stats .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  return the current packed .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the values in the given property properties .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  return the user id of a user .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  key for the specified bank .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  discretize model by taking the oversample interpolation .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the placeholder from cache with the provided version and version .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  generate and generate the example rst .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  returns a virtual server version .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  simulates a dummy request to split .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  retain a reference to a media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  validates an exception .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  send an email to the initiator of a single notification engine .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   pulls
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  return the mlevel level if it is a mlevel level or is not a fact .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  read the right version of a matrix .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  pickle   unmap
truth:  pickle   descriptors

test:  estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using mle parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  estimate   reported
truth:  estimate   function

test:  admin view that displays the settings to the html .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  find the location of a 3d transformation between two ndarrays .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  return   smooth
truth:  return   vector

test:  check if a file exists and is chrdev .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  covert size-string to statvfs .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   thrusting
truth:  return   space

test:  listen for state changes based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   loads
truth:  listen   changes

test:  plots the harris points of each pixel .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plots   forwards
truth:  plots   image

test:  formats a human readable size .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   analyzes
truth:  format   size

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   stubbed
truth:  adds   headers

test:  like <title> .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  append   pulls
truth:  append   null

test:  returns a list of fifo .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  get   scaled
truth:  get   queue

test:  set quota usage for every field in the context .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  sets   capture
truth:  sets   bit

test:  removes the json response body from the response dict .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  insert attributes on the index in list a .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  setup the lifx platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  yaml: finder configure jenkins to add a finder version .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  return a suitable part of a partition .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  filters   convers
truth:  filters   enumeration

test:  gets user with human readable string representation of a user with usernames or user_ids user_ids .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  converts   controls
truth:  converts   ids

test:  create a result from a string .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  result   shared
truth:  result   string

test:  return <program_name> .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length seq in the order of the elements .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  pair   pulls
truth:  pair   null

test:  provides a tuple of result of the expected unit .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  tests   docfield
truth:  tests   angle

test:  test sensitivity specificity is specificity with no warnings .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   commits
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  returns a string that specifies __unicode__ of a given string .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   suppose
truth:  unicode   algorithm

test:  canonicalize a dictionary with pairs .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  remove   review
truth:  remove   keys

test:  common code for the signature of the exc_info .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  parses a septets .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read 1000 units at a time .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   categorize
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the hyperbolic sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   returning
truth:  evaluates   tan

test:  return options for the carbon data .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  removes colors and duty newlines at the beginning of a text .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  generate the * .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  returns a sql column constraints for the given datastore .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  determines whether the proxy is in the proxy list .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  render a formset for the given formset .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  return a new service .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  add   reduced
truth:  add   cli

test:  a list of sample stats .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  stats   attacked
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install packages and download the rewrite .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  sets a cookie header by the query string .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  decorator to mark appropriate needs to be available in the system values .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  parse and return the contents of a resource .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  reads and returns a list of buckets .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   restoring
truth:  compile   data

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular review server .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  checks that we meet the minimum version of twisted .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  for javascript values with the javascript and its required values .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  alias to write global object to cache storage .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  writes   enhanced
truth:  writes   object

test:  ensures that the given image extension is valid .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  verify   attempt
truth:  verify   extension

test:  generate the attribute lookup -- if the given relationship is not in direction .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  generate   overlay
truth:  generate   func

test:  check if the header is an upgrade one of the server upgrade .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  match   pulls
truth:  match   null

test:  infer a class on a specific type of the provided value .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  show the contents of the file .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  show   rescanning
truth:  show   weights

test:  associate current email with appropriate email address .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  retrieve current thread and its members for a dictionary .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  converts a node to a svm node .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   presents
truth:  convert   mapping

test:  writes comments to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  a decorator for connecting receivers to a function .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   registers
truth:  find   product

test:  validate a model for models which is supported by a given model .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  check   pushing
truth:  check   model

test:  add a point to the users name of the stroke point .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  is the other portion of the other than other commands .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  fires before user-entered code runs .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   batch
truth:  fires   code

test:  simple blockdiag function .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  like locate_unbalanced_start .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  use nltks to set google apps .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  sets   estimating
truth:  sets   domains

test:  updates a new profile picture in the datastore with a new user .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  return -1 in item of 2nd .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  select   eliminates
truth:  select   elements

test:  a demonstration of the object/categorical malt .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  returns an encoder for a group field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  run changed languages since the on-disk languages .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  pulls   changes
truth:  pulls   languages

test:  itemgetter a tuple with group or .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  run a hook hook on a task .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  invokes   challengenes
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   echoes
truth:  obtain   prefixes

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate wrapper shell script for java test .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  build   register
truth:  build   wrapper

test:  concatenate a list of text strings .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  concatenate   exposes
truth:  concatenate   values

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  returns the cumulative product of the widths along the given vector .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a default locale dict .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  returns   printing
truth:  returns   locale

test:  expand degeneracies into raw degeneracies .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  mark a function as not requiring method .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  utf-8   pulls
truth:  utf-8   null

test:  write a git libraries to foreign libraries .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   sanitize
truth:  write   libraries

test:  drop stats from log file .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  compute   attacked
truth:  compute   stats

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  rebuild command with the prefix .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  prefixes   echoes
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  check that a and its first data@pytest works as it should .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the formatted function after a callable or a function .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  returns a list of topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  update eigenvector .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  pulls   overlapping
truth:  pulls   tm

test:  parse the first result of a committish .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  resolve   orthoganlize
truth:  resolve   hash

test:  return the adapter name for a given ip address .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  transforms a trace into a dictionary of variables .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  convert   embeds
truth:  convert   pandas

test:  ensures that all rules have no rules in the last filter .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  convert a boolean value into a boolean value .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  return a arrays of installed versions .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  calculate   poll
truth:  calculate   versions

test:  return current system keyboard setting cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  internal helper to extract all values from strings .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return unique wsgi filter .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  get   wrapping
truth:  get   handle

test:  compute the heldout score function inplace .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  compute   mocks
truth:  compute   scores

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  creates a new feed instance for the provided feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return the head part of a pathname .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  returns a list of paths to user-provides paths where the base path is located .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling templates and dictionary to the client .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  mimics   lambda
truth:  mimics   django

test:  check whether potential for potential potential is ssl .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  check policy according to policy .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  returns the expected graph for a layer .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  creates a new private key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  returns a list of versions for the server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   poll
truth:  returns   versions

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the img onto the canvas at the specified position .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  used   indicating
truth:  used   images

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper uses the specified user-milestone module to find all the gating milestones .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  finds   svn
truth:  finds   dicts

test:  wait to see query query .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  wait   xlsx
truth:  wait   query

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a pacman from the packagesite .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  bootstrap   forwards
truth:  bootstrap   image

test:  return a deprecated params to the specified error parameters .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  run the browser .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  make a review branch dialogs .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  diff   capitalizes
truth:  diff   revision

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  inspect the environment to get an environment .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  check if the given lists of assignments are approximate .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  kills the last keyboard configuration .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  add   emitting
truth:  add   character

test:  retrieve the cpu from a cpu process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  function to mlarr .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  function   colorizes
truth:  function   matlab

test:  reorder an integer into a generalized vector x .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  rotate   prepopulates
truth:  rotate   bits

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  ensure that the snapshot name is absent on the system force : boolean try harder to destroy the snapshot recursive : boolean force : boolean also destroy all the dataset
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   indexes
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the t distribution .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  generate num_reps points .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  calculates   bench
truth:  calculates   value

test:  validate the unit changes made to the .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a list of the first form of the given django tables .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   echo
truth:  get   minimum

test:  make an entry of entry .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  parses a single character string from a binary int or unicode .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  assert that the items of a list is before the first element of the elements of the unique before blocks is less than 1 .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  quote a value for safe type of types .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  translates a dummy file into a sequence of tf-mxne .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  remove an object .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   behave
truth:  usage   sync

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  add flavor access for flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  adds a function to the given value .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  determine the default resources .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   widening
truth:  determine   location

test:  returns a string representation of a phone number .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  outputs   tests
truth:  outputs   span

test:  find rect condition from four four vertices .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  helper function to get a scaling policy .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse an s3 uri into .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  returns a dict of valid relation along the given type .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  map   teardown
truth:  map   type

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  deprecated   skipped
truth:  deprecated   use

test:  return the path to the browser .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  sets the equivalencies registry based on the unit registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  prepare the correct release of all correct plugins in the path .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  download   unquote
truth:  download   note

test:  create a health ip .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  ensure that the named container is not currently unfreeze path path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  extended euclidean algorithm .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   suppose
truth:  extended   algorithm

test:  task to be called to listens a prompt for the prompt .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns an iterable of unique 1 .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  parse a string containing format [<num><multiplier> .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  returns a status code with an width message .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  get the list of inheritance args: obj_name : the object of a tuple of .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  get   remote_api
truth:  get   inheritance

test:  removes a student .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  special way to help .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  definition a fused definition .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute the product of the square matrix in-place .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  displays the current file path .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   stores
truth:  displays   name

test:  simplified case of the source .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  pulls   generating
truth:  pulls   shell

test:  returns an ssh web settings .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  return a list of two-tuples that do not yet exist .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  clean   restoring
truth:  clean   data

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  start the cci instance .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  return   projects
truth:  return   cci

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  a valid array that is not a valid one .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  used   lstrip
truth:  used   set

test:  returns a tree constructed in the graph g .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  convert a string using double format to a format string .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  wait until multiple threads are ip .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  take   switch
truth:  take   list

test:  change the port for a port of the port for each package cli example: .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  pulls   receives
truth:  pulls   port

test:  validates that the incoming values are valid .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   exposes
truth:  validates   values

test:  trying to parse all the nodes in graph .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  surround   banned
truth:  surround   children

test:  test multi-taper interfaces .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  ensure   shows
truth:  ensure   subclass

test:  element-wise truth value of .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  displays the line number where the current line is .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  refresh   small_stmts
truth:  refresh   line

test:  sets the date on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   temperature
truth:  sets   date

test:  generate a regenerate template with https certificates .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve a single user object .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  retrieves   disconnect
truth:  retrieves   courses

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return the current ioloop .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  cross product convenience wrapper for vector .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  cross   register
truth:  cross   wrapper

test:  test cloning a git repository from an editable url which contains "dev" string .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  test   commit
truth:  test   repository

test:  pick out channels .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   sums
truth:  pick   expression

test:  return a unified diff of the given code .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  generate   asserts
truth:  generate   diff

test:  create a make a old palette with the old color palette .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  get default currency .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a decorator to mark a function or method as an integer .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  extracts the requested token from http body and returns a dictionary of it .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  builds a stable url for a stable thread .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get list of custom auth .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  pulls   receiving
truth:  pulls   js

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new action with the given text .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   preface
truth:  generates   degree

test:  remove @deprecated_attribute( from bom .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  returns true if the tap is vowel .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  loads a file dialog url for a resource .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  load   indicating
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  decorator to make a function that prints stdout and stderr .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  replaces   takes
truth:  replaces   stream

test:  returns a new mirrors with the config .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  apply   yields
truth:  apply   push

test:  return the id of the device .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  load social auth current user data to context .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  add   targeting
truth:  add   backends

test:  notify subscribed users about new suggestion .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  notify   bootstrap
truth:  notify   suggestion

test:  detects whether file is greater than the device .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  setup the event .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  list all instances .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  converts all the keys in a dict to their appropriate values .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  set   review
truth:  set   keys

test:  return a list of refs to the extra refs refs .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  set adjust option as float .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  set   cause
truth:  set   option

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  pulls   interact
truth:  pulls   legendre

test:  from a line a goal or a call .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  pulls   find
truth:  pulls   boolean

test:  change the amount of a named vm cli example: .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   store
truth:  changes   memory

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  read this seemingly .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  convert special html characters in string to html-safe sequences .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  determine whether the view exists in the course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  determine   catch
truth:  determine   course

test:  returns a task .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  run   establish
truth:  run   py

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  renders the storage account details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   bounds
truth:  renders   table

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the boykov algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get api method for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   install
truth:  get   response

test:  returns true if the intended exists in intended .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  check   satisfy
truth:  check   container

test:  returns true if the current plugin has the same permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  compute the orient and apply to a orient prior .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  convert a value that is a float .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns the dir in pages .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  fetch a task object .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  register vcs handler .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  remove any additional arguments from the system .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  checks to see if mayavi version is at least min_version .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clean a filename on the file names .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  return the time in iso 8601 format .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  test subtraction of epochs from epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  parses a snapshot of the node .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   loved
truth:  parse   doc

test:  returns an array of standard sample values .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  create a new datacenter in the specified folder .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  creates   deleted
truth:  creates   datacenter

test:  strips all diacritical characters from a given sequence .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  returns a new .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  handle   deallocate
truth:  handle   worker

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  aux function .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  entry point for external application .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  construct   mutes
truth:  construct   app

test:  decorator to temporarily check the decorated function .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the incident formstyle page .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a list of the most recent values .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generate   rolls
truth:  generate   substitution

test:  generate a new private key .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  uploads a object to the encryption key .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  uploads   enhanced
truth:  uploads   object

test:  find the partial differential equation for mysql .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  on windows .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a matrix that is used to like a reflection matrix in the transformation .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  convert a dict to a native dict .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  populates   pushing
truth:  populates   model

test:  loads a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  convert a string into a numpy array .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  creates a flat list from diagonals .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  compute the blended transform of the transformation between the spectral factory .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  obtain   offset
truth:  obtain   parameters

test:  ensure that the named index template is absent name the name of the state definition .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   regressiont
truth:  ensure   index

test:  calculate the shape of an image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  handle   choice
truth:  handle   formats

test:  return true if the argument looks like a link-local name .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  return the url of a backend .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  gets   spawns
truth:  gets   endpoint

test:  stop a service and return an application .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   patched
truth:  get   y

test:  generate unique id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  check that offers is called by each variable in a custom session .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  tests   usage_key_string
truth:  tests   view

test:  sets the number of cuda disabled .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  function   rectified
truth:  function   cuda

test:  allows a single page to be read from one of the second .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  pulls   consisting
truth:  pulls   link

test:  parse a finder function for modules for a path .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  verify a alphabet without any amino nodes .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  check   reveal
truth:  check   sequence

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  same as a truediv b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  returns a tuple of the pootle version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns true if the given virtual nodes are the same .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator factory to track track state .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  read all indices in stim .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  synthesize   overrides
truth:  synthesize   channel

test:  the reverse function manage a ln or a string into a chunk .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  draw   preprocessing
truth:  draw   char

test:  return the first partition of a multi-line file .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  parse   eliminates
truth:  parse   elements

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  extract entry code from local code .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  formats   batch
truth:  formats   code

test:  executable -> none .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  extract   initializes
truth:  extract   program

test:  return a display options that loads some options and display the display file .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  ensures that the completion pipeline fails with a pipeline .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  return a meshes for a given filename .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of states answers for a given unresolved .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  gets   coordinates
truth:  gets   exploration

test:  generate a custom test for endpoints .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  generate   cleave
truth:  generate   providers

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  test io for label io .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  return a union of jobs which is in time .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  compute a representation of a mathbb{z}_p[z]/(check .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   searching
truth:  return   architecture

test:  return the path to the theme theme by the given theme .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test if we have a duplicate keys for duplicate keys .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  test   svn
truth:  test   dicts

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   inverts
truth:  attach   statuses

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   extended
truth:  move   exit

test:  is used to describe test cases and doesnt contain a good machine .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  same as a not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove a nested key from the registry .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  dont evaluate from dashboard .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  translate   point
truth:  translate   status

test:  internal function used by the externals .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  initialize   determine
truth:  initialize   projects

test:  locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   present
truth:  locate   role

test:  should not create the api that is assigned to that user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a maximum between 2 events measures and r1 .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if the user can check the request has author .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  fake implementation of os .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  create a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   mount
truth:  create   task

test:  project redirects view and form view .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  prints out all roles in a user .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  prints   emit
truth:  prints   access

test:  get confirmation page .
truth: the media page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  gets the path of the qiime project .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  returns   deconvolves
truth:  returns   level

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a string identifying a versioned versioned secret body .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  provide   polygon
truth:  provide   hmac

test:  parses the given request uri into the paths .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  parse   knapsack
truth:  parse   request

test:  compute a cookie summary of all changes .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  generate   import
truth:  generate   summary

test:  sends a message to stdout .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  save   attriute
truth:  save   stdout

test:  create a calibration for a set of predictions .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  align -> int rounds x up to down .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  parses a config file and returns a dictionary of result arguments .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  returns   cause
truth:  returns   option

test:  decorate a message with the given key .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render an icon to the value .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   resizes
truth:  render   icon

test:  helper function to call subprocess .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  capture   pulls
truth:  capture   null

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  extracts a new environment dict from the current env .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  writes in the configuration file .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  writes   deflate
truth:  writes   config

test:  computes the inverse of square matrix .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  search a search results for a google storage page .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  create a connection .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  make sure core core core works .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  execute the automagic command .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  parses a date string and return a time-zone aware datetime object .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parse   cross
truth:  parse   iso8601

test:  return output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   dwindle
truth:  returns   neighbor

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  compute a unique list fingerprint for a file .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  hash   bartels
truth:  hash   contents

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the hwclock and seconds from uct .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  return   sampling
truth:  return   clock

test:  get uuid for the provided ec2-id .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   squeezing
truth:  get   uuid

test:  create an image from a bytestring or returns an image instance of the data .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return the name of the repository repository .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  determine   crop
truth:  determine   directory

test:  logs a traffic server message about the log file .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  logs   automate
truth:  logs   traffic

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  test logo logo .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   sum
truth:  test   logo

test:  returns true if the given stream and only if the uri has a space .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  registers enrollment attributes for the given user in the course .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait until the server has *attempt_id* .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   impute
truth:  wait   topology

test:  open all or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  yaml: build-user-vars publish builds at certain times .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  make sure the user is not installed .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  registers all certificates for a course .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  invalidate   gunzip
truth:  invalidate   certificates

test:  copy a snapshot from a server .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  return a list of sample tests in the sample .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  clears the plugins .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  delete a filesystem or serialized .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   forgets
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  dispatch function for the code of an instance .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  obtain   define
truth:  obtain   path

test:  crash the carving of an dispatch method .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a role by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   present
truth:  get   role

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rename   clean
truth:  rename   playlist

test:  write conditional formatting to xml .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator to enforce a function to enforce and return a single argument .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  verifies   issues
truth:  verifies   caller

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  same as a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  pulls   closes
truth:  pulls   +

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  flags   located
truth:  flags   method

test:  load a class by its alias or alias classes .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   orders
truth:  load   alias

test:  find the maximum flow of a directed graph .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  compute the minimum percentile of an interval .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  return   debugging
truth:  return   dataset

test:  test vcs url .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  test   flashes
truth:  test   characters

test:  common function to be assigned to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   rising
truth:  allocates   group

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  add   prioritized
truth:  add   messages

test:  run the javascript tests and print results to the console .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  calculate the entrance exam exam of a task .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   escapes
truth:  encode   student

test:  check if a path is a overlap .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a figure with a given aspect plot .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  creates   parens
truth:  creates   figure

test:  declare a single function by glcontext or access .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  insert   abandoned
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  compute the length of a auc matrix .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  compute   clamp
truth:  compute   area

test:  see pull .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  pulls   multiprocessing
truth:  pulls   css

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  pulls   remains
truth:  pulls   v1

test:  print a message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  merge a list of lines from create dask .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  try to get port from provided port name .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  move to the changes made on history .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  move   small_stmts
truth:  move   line

test:  creates a diff for an object .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  constructs   asserts
truth:  constructs   diff

test:  gets a string for the given jid .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   tsv
truth:  format   components

test:  initialize logging for the action .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   code
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  escape & .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  remove   username

test:  find all var var in text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  get the global metric ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  we want want to get an language for a language .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  checks   stretch
truth:  checks   language

test:  test that a single v1 is passed .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  see   knapsack
truth:  see   request

test:  compresses and returns an object .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  train a file such that the wildcard will be handled on a dummy file .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  check if a module is in use .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterates   labeled
truth:  iterates   file

test:  confirm this module is on a debian based system .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  set the context of the palette that the palette .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  enable or disable billship .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  checks that the first element and raises a or message .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  fail   mounts
truth:  fail   objects

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  creates an appropriate string representation of a message object .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  combines   shared
truth:  combines   string

test:  test activation token .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  returns the number of logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   decorating
truth:  returns   log

test:  given binary representation of bytes .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  cast   enhanced
truth:  cast   object

test:  a context manager that asserts the time of the desired time .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  helps   binhexed
truth:  helps   tests

test:  creates an ssh hotp .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  generate   polygon
truth:  generate   hmac

test:  load authentication credentials .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  returns   expose
truth:  returns   credentials

test:  sort the version of reverse that is in reverse order .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  simply use the javascript string to convert javascript code to a json string .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dump   aliased
truth:  dump   json

test:  collect multiple option values into a single list .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   exposes
truth:  collect   values

test:  helper function for the current configuration state .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   exposes
truth:  retrieves   values

test:  validate that the host is a valid host components .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  validate   assume
truth:  validate   header

test:  force the gc collector to make memoizing memoizing : bool if its present .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  set   turns
truth:  set   collector

test:  parse the rate limiting behavior of the provided unit .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  retrieve a file from the master .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return the object for the group .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  is   stores
truth:  is   name

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  return a factory class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  print the procedure tag by the layer .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  parse and return an element of the given number .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   reading
truth:  unpack   agent

test:  creates a l{serverfromstring} array from a matplotlib array of pairs .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  pulls   mail
truth:  pulls   creation

test:  get html and other format for given document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  uninstall a feature args: feature : the path to the feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  disables   saving
truth:  disables   feature

test:  validate and return a string for use in a given .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  filter   represent
truth:  filter   failure

test:  get the pci device from the device .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  trim non-maximum person to speed up to just a certain front .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trims   algorithm
truth:  trims   points

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  resolve conflicts .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  name   refresh
truth:  name   scripts

test:  returns an integer representing a number in the order that is too long .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  encodes   sparks
truth:  encodes   number

test:  provide the tooltips for the hazard filter parameters .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  get a locale to be used when connecting to fallback .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  get   let
truth:  get   fallback

test:  extract qresult / notifier from a multinomial .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  function   easy_installed
truth:  function   hits

test:  get the profile type .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a synchronization box of the given css file .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  choose a random boundary string for a boundary of the given nonce .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  produces the unicode string contained in the prefix and return the unicode of the input prefix .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  detect   unifies
truth:  detect   encoding

test:  returns the url for the comment method .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from gray to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  wrap a single task so that each task has been run .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  run   lstrip
truth:  run   set

test:  create a function that converts a callable that may be passed .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  extract all objects from a dictionary of objects .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  ensure that a specific folders are present .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  grant   twitter
truth:  grant   auto

test:  check if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  this function does a bug where to the file system and the key will add a file .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  in case of openid authentication in result .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the squared mean of a 3d tensor with the activation function .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a list of matching objects whose objects are matching product or shop .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  decrease the saturation channel of a color by some percent .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  manipulate   operate
truth:  manipulate   h

test:  add a path to special characters .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  indent text .
truth: indent text . 
test:  indent   supports
truth:  indent   text

test:  adds a new web menu .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  generates   compressing
truth:  generates   menu

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   printed
truth:  compile   pattern

test:  a class decorator that is designed to be a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  security the next character set the current axes:: .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   reveal
truth:  close   sequence

test:  returns an absolute url for a resource on the test url .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  saves the cover image to data .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  saves   restoring
truth:  saves   data

test:  start nginx port for nginx .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  set   handles
truth:  set   site

test:  clear all the resource information associated with a named url - returns a list of tuples .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a release .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   encapsulates
truth:  get   artists

test:  convert a dictionary of values to a 2d numpy dictionary .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  if path is relative .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  require   crop
truth:  require   directory

test:  index params to be used in a dataframe .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  hydrate   flattening
truth:  hydrate   field

test:  scrub the device name from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   randomise
truth:  scrub   message

test:  create a new setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  get a reference to a specified property from the provided service or property .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  gets the first token from an http client object and creates a dictionary .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  fetch   guvectorize
truth:  fetch   oauth

test:  destroy the list of instances .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the config file location as a tuple .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  yaml: phabricator trigger a job when build fails .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test if filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  perform a radius of the radius of a gaussian neighbors .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   publish
truth:  computes   graph

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  stores a list of all events on a csf .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   borrowed
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute rms phasediff between src_image and barycentric .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   skip
truth:  compute   difference

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  construct an object factory .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  parse a gcode file and send text .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  returns all networks endpoints associated with a given course .
truth: view that . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  tests that the timezone of a datetime corresponds to a datetime .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  get   disables
truth:  get   datetime

test:  save a django model definition to the model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  return a digital filter function from a series of second-order sections parameters sos : array_like array of second-order filter coefficients .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  return   summarize
truth:  return   zeros

test:  show missing links .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  generate   decreases
truth:  generate   documents

test:  extract (1) from validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  process   randomise
truth:  process   message

test:  determines if the string represents a unicode string .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  initialize all parameters needed for the encoder .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  resolve an given transport by name .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  change your binary files that always be updated at runtime .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  validates an image id .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   forwards
truth:  check   image

test:  n-dimensional multivariate normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length n from iterable .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   echoes
truth:  generate   prefixes

test:  return a default value of fallback .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  setup a single test .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  attempt to kill a sane file from the given package .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  clean   simplifies
truth:  clean   packages

test:  default function for handling deleteitem .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  calculate md5sum of a binary representation of the object .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  returns a random rotation matrix with the graphical shape and random dimension or dim .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  ensure function name is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   backup
truth:  ensure   properties

test:  mask an email address .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  mask   based
truth:  mask   address

test:  convert python types to a given numba type .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  converts   flip
truth:  converts   python

test:  scan a posix process in dhcp-host format .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  shut   explode
truth:  shut   processes

test:  new field form .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  normalize an image at x up to the given position .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  query a query parameter .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  dynamically return a symbol .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  create a single threaded interface that will create a method on the reactor of the threadpool .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   childnodes
truth:  provide   timestamp

test:  sort an iterable .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  change a title to a name .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  pulls   advance
truth:  pulls   title

test:  get a path with only the points inside the loop .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  encrypts a user password after adding some salt to store it in the database .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  find and return the first store .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  store   randomise
truth:  store   message

test:  iterative an array of arrays to a stride matrix .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  repeat   exposes
truth:  repeat   values

test:  return the named query from the input string with a named query .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  request a task to be run in a background instructor .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  helper function to retry a signal while getting function while it was called .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  sometimes you get an url by proper pipeline and encoded .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  returns an event object .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   xyz
truth:  find   logarithm

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   disallow
truth:  get   identifiers

test:  add inc to the correct data for each chunksize .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  generate   signal
truth:  generate   datasets

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return a correct wrapper that converts the given object into a method .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  takes   instantiate
truth:  takes   arguments

test:  convert a dictionary to a tuple of strings and the values for the .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  breaks   pulls
truth:  breaks   null

test:  extract date from a date in bytes .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  format   shared
truth:  format   string

test:  get a mapping from api options .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   cie
truth:  use   predicate

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return true if f is a constant in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  return   dst
truth:  return   c

test:  check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes a regularization cost by applying a network to the parameters of a layer or group of network .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   digs
truth:  adds   html

test:  only load the module if nova is installed .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   exploit
truth:  remove   duplicates

test:  toggle control register d0 bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  ensure that the ca ca file is not in .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  ensure   forgets
truth:  ensure   filesystem

test:  run the mongo tests .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  assure   resolved
truth:  assure   threads

test:  finds a single service object from the etcd .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  interpolate between from_value and to_value given the inverse of the value t .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  encode a string .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a path to a specific master container id .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  list   bartels
truth:  list   contents

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  swap   embedded
truth:  swap   example

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  train   debugging
truth:  train   dataset

test:  delete an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns time in milliseconds since epoch .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  returns a list of unique constraints with the given sqlalchemy sqlalchemy .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  assumes a mixture is a mixture of null kind .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   pulls
truth:  sample   null

test:  encode a string for case-insensitive .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  like the resistors .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  interpret   store
truth:  interpret   memory

test:  guess the extension for a file based on its mime type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   attempt
truth:  guess   extension

test:  search for a query to be a valid returns a dict .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  get the oslo_config plugin entry .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  retrieve   shortens
truth:  retrieve   classes

test:  group add form .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  prepares a zone for running applications .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  halt   start
truth:  halt   zone

test:  return the location of sync that can be used to compare the "behave dict .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   estimating
truth:  get   domains

test:  return true if there is any different from the same portion of any zip .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  get a disk size in bytes .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  return a fixed value with the given value .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  supports the given http request to an http request .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  removes   terminate
truth:  removes   password

test:  default function for printing .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  decodes document from prospective_search adapter request .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  decodes   forms
truth:  decodes   result

test:  return filename .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  prepares the config for the parameter .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  compute the epipole and weights from the svd .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return true and virtualbox positive *val* .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  return   induce
truth:  return   testing

test:  set new video key .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  recursive helper function to reorder masked .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  samme test of the log likelihood used to compute the log likelihood of the predictions fields .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  calculate   suppose
truth:  calculate   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  the log of the standard deviation .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  normalized   decorating
truth:  normalized   log

test:  call (or with non-existing overlap .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  compute   sympy
truth:  compute   slice

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  ensures that the nearest library doesnt cause a valid 'multiple .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  verify   opened
truth:  verify   re

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  convert several html characters into a valid html text .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   deployed
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove an existing file .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  remove   d

test:  assert a config can be changed on config labels .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   deflate
truth:  assert   config

test:  run a qutebrowser command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  encodes an integer to a variable .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encodes   reshapes
truth:  encodes   serialization

test:  restart the specified app with the given configuration .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   freezing
truth:  restart   configuration

test:  update the keys api description returns {deleted: true} if the api key was not deleted and returns {deleted: false} if the patch configuration was not childnodes .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  fftsurr power spectral density power spectral density .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  compute   seq
truth:  compute   fft

test:  return a list of all available available' .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  dump error message but continue with enabled log message .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  validate a regex not an iterable of validation functions .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  validate   decorate
truth:  validate   matches

test:  convert images to an image .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  whether a site has a quantity .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  internal method to push a note record along the given note .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  pushing   unquote
truth:  pushing   note

test:  render the javascript file in the list of tuples .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  render   pending
truth:  render   default

test:  access to the pokemon .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  access   adjust
truth:  access   inventory

test:  we can update a hash for a locale .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  takes   unquoting
truth:  takes   environment

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  rewrite polynomials into equations .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  try   imposes
truth:  try   f

test:  check that distances can be ignored and without distance coordinates .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  expands a service identifier and return a sorted list of tuples .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  take   uncheck
truth:  take   element

test:  provides a message with the given message .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  builds a entrypoints prefix for the provided target class .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  from the pickle of the current site .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  pulls   rounded
truth:  pulls   purpose

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   regroups
truth:  execute   rendering

test:  makes a loop to read the adapt loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  loops   evaluate
truth:  loops   clip

test:  returns user with provided permissions .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  get a string representation of an sle for a serial nos .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  unsubscribe a unsubscribe unsubscribe into the hash for the given token .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  compute the geometric factorization of the data along the given axis .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  get all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  get the list of all visible points .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get the current transaction of the current thread .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   tear
truth:  unregister   module

test:  test either if an error is raised when the input data is a valid type .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  tests   minimize
truth:  tests   theano

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  build a simple text from a plain text message .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   equalize
truth:  build   email

test:  verify no task errors as a workaround .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   lash
truth:  assert   validation

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  list   increase
truth:  list   nodes

test:  fixture that fixture fixture for text .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper to return the sysfs device with the given name .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  decorator to decorate methods with the same tags as protocol-relative .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  pulls   drawing
truth:  pulls   tags

test:  parse process statistics into a sparse statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  given an album search for a task .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns a string with spaces .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurse   sleep
truth:  recurse   files

test:  initialize the resource handler for the resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  return a dict with unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  notify event on the specified service .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  test that we can label their folder when banner dont have a folder labeled trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  returns true if the current process is allowed .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  import a module .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  imports   tear
truth:  imports   module

test:  intialize a module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  computes the categorical distance between two distributions .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  set up the 304 provided by an etag .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  removes whitespace including tab and newline characters .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  select *k* best individuals from the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  finds all of the images in the given image .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  given   indicating
truth:  given   images

test:  normalize_formset_dict -> a list of tuples or raise an exception if its not a dictionary .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  process message to be sent to deps .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  process   labeled
truth:  process   file

test:  load a model from model_file_name and return a handle to a file .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  pulls   pushing
truth:  pulls   model

test:  html documentation for writing .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  check for parallels configurations .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  returns the contents of the request .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  current device for building a new rpc .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has no distributions otherwise .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  pulls   hovering
truth:  pulls   vcs

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  helper function to drop full shape for feature maps .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  import a json file .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  set the parameters that can be used in a request .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  build a profile map .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  convert   deflate
truth:  convert   config

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   added
truth:  detects   p

test:  test for nastiness-removal in scripts .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  test   changes
truth:  test   languages

test:  translate a cons dictionary into a dictionary with keys and console .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  the main function runs the bloggerexample application with the provided username and password values .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decrypt a string .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  replace the superset sockets with a socket .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  mark   extracts
truth:  mark   socket

test:  returns the leading and truncated characters .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  determine the message message for the suggestion .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a square matrix .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  creates   cleaning
truth:  creates   matrix

test:  read a pickled object from file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  returns a class with the specified types for the given mapping .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test that we can nvidia for nvidia driver .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   igor
truth:  test   device

test:  perform a dictionary of quiet and the usernames information .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  computes   unrooted
truth:  computes   differences

test:  validates an xml file against a prettified if it can be whitelisted .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  validate   labeled
truth:  validate   file

test:  extract a list of volume from a datasets that have the same set of datasets .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  for each subject string in the series .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   shared
truth:  find   string

test:  ensure that the named database is absent name the name of the user to remove user system user all operations should be performed on behalf of user host the user
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   joins
truth:  ensure   cluster

test:  return the title .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  convert a key from identifier and text into a pair of keyinfo timestamp .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   failing
truth:  convert   style

test:  delete a job .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  return a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  get   xlsx
truth:  get   query

test:  move history events on the left .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   remove
truth:  move   history

test:  counterpart counterpart vertically .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  base64   flashes
truth:  base64   characters

test:  deinstalls a network server accepts a hash .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  function   forbid
truth:  function   options

test:  log and automatically do not fail on api calls .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  run command .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  perform list of files in the filter parameters .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a list of the custom images .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  start the standalone mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   created
truth:  start   mode

test:  write the cache slug .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  waits for an authorization file to be updated at a given path .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  note   wait
truth:  note   servers

test:  fetches student .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  function   escapes
truth:  function   student

test:  removes the key from the ccx table .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  given a list of key-value pairs .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  opens and return the tabs .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  function   stores
truth:  function   name

test:  remove a single block device mapping .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  return the line which is a timestamp of an object .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  convert the libcloud node into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  generate a random string with alpha and return a random string .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  skip test unless .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  parse and possible a cassandra password .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   allocate
truth:  validates   user

test:  like the javascript function .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   associate
truth:  function   expressions

test:  return a module .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  display   extract
truth:  display   version

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  extract a message from an returned code .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  iterate over a range of the given commit reference .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a specific child zone .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  parse the imap reply .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  api: send a test to notification test .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  ensures functions of f(x) .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  find   constrained
truth:  find   functions

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  install a bower package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a nested list of lists .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  download a chunk of doctest-skipping .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  acquire the names of pyconfig .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   pending
truth:  do   default

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  get receiver from sender .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  a generalized addition .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  reads all of the contents of a certificate .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  pulls   atom
truth:  pulls   audio

test:  return the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  get the float by a point in a square list .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  ensure that the active log format is active .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  manage   been
truth:  manage   format

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   timing
truth:  use   spaces

test:  hibernate hibernate .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  return a dense exponential mutual matrix .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  return the line number of the given node .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  src="files/" a vm vm .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  stop   hostname
truth:  stop   vm

test:  implement samples .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  length-byte random data from a seed .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   takes
truth:  stream   stream

test:  read a package inside a file .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  reads   bartels
truth:  reads   contents

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  return true if g is a groebner basis .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  check   translated
truth:  check   g

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a json managed sink to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  check whether value is at least one arbitrary unit .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  test   enhance
truth:  test   items

test:  conjugation test for a overlay file .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   source
truth:  test   overlay

test:  display a list of zones zones .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  displays   switch
truth:  displays   list

test:  creates a package and returns a rope .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   downloading
truth:  creates   package

test:  parse a single header line of quoted-printable text .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   small_stmts
truth:  decode   line

test:  a decorator which just returns all errors .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  there is an exception handler that leave a numba exception when the command was raised by the command line .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  print   unbinds
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns the top top exploration limit .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  render   applying
truth:  render   placeholder

test:  adds or updates the specified policy document for the specified key .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  attach   holding
truth:  attach   policy

test:  minimal minimal against data .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  returns   leaves
truth:  returns   dictionaries

test:  display the metric server configuration variables whose names match the given regex .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  display   exposes
truth:  display   values

test:  return a list of files in a given list of .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  check   uploading
truth:  check   job

test:  convert tan to tan .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   constrained
truth:  replace   functions

test:  get geometry output from paths .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   form
truth:  get   side

test:  create a temporary file on the target .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return path to the service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return the status of the current config .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  install application-specific fits handler handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   gosub
truth:  install   hdf5

test:  efficiently estimate a 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   pulls
truth:  estimate   null

test:  return a list of file paths by the file following the file bounding-box .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  sort   rename
truth:  sort   members

test:  escape markdown characters as a single space .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data .
truth: load the data . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  a decorator to add command to the target class .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  return a valid security specification for testing .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  return a string of the studio help links for a studio .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  return   dictate
truth:  return   studio

test:  write translations .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  add a new person record .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a color is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  compute a condensed .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  function   grant
truth:  function   power

test:  recursively extract the source line from a line .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  tries to guess a list of files .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   labeled
truth:  guess   file

test:  returns a team team state from a team .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  save a saves file to disk .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   documents
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a log file to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the language-code with the language of the given language .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns a module .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   backported
truth:  return   handlers

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links to use the values in javascript file .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   paste
truth:  stop   containers

test:  generate just the mysql events and generates a new query .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generates   fitnesse
truth:  generates   events

test:  given a path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  compute the bounds of a matrix overlap .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   ping
truth:  return   bounding

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  get a list of sqlite records from the database .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  extract the documentation certificate from the given content instance .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  extracts   string
truth:  extracts   texts

test:  provide a function or virtualenv on property params .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load a private rsa key from the provided loader .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  load   listen
truth:  load   key

test:  convert a date .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  format   temperature
truth:  format   date

test:  gets the command href from every html .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  gathers notification notification with list of notification across across across pillar data .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  password reset form .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  builds a locale for the given locale .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  translates   enhanced
truth:  translates   object

test:  transform a kivy :class:~kivy .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  color   step
truth:  color   names

test:  read the clip of a clip .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  pulls   execute
truth:  pulls   region

test:  return a string with any forbidden operations in the given string .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create a default modulestore instance .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  provides a series of chain .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  applies   suppose
truth:  applies   algorithm

test:  check if named service is installed .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  returns a dict for the first field in the cursor .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  start a test .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   deallocate
truth:  start   worker

test:  returns the attribute of a sequence .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print tb up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  find the points in a corner group at a time .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  is   restrict
truth:  is   array

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  recapitalizes   supports
truth:  recapitalizes   text

test:  return a list of the sample sample data .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  samples   eliminates
truth:  samples   elements

test:  a replacement for rotated to a threshold path .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  deletes the restful handler for a course .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  run statement command .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  executes   compresses
truth:  executes   statement

test:  test functions that are callable as methods .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  returns a dictionary of accessible xblocks xblocks for the specified course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  computes polynomial of f in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  ensure that user is assigned to the current user .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a grid in zero .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  return a version string containing the current process in namespace .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on certain fitness .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  this is called when the plugin is launched .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  connect   pick
truth:  connect   callback

test:  return a driver type for the given provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  if the user has access to the course with a given course_key .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  bessel/thomson digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression about a random expression .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   signals
truth:  return   moment

test:  get detailed rotation for a specific key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  resolve a set of request header objects .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  merge multiple weights and a single sorted list .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  login to login and params[registration] to the login .
truth: login to router . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  force the arg to be a python object .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  change   unquoting
truth:  change   environment

test:  simple case of uploading one partition of result .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  try   ellipsoid
truth:  try   pool

test:  return a string indicating that the user was made to a was created with .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  return a contract .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  create new transaction transaction .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  this function executes the default commands in the provided json .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  find a common configuration file with the given prefix and return a list of all the prefixes .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  pulls   fail
truth:  pulls   virtualenv

test:  decorator for a function that prints a unimplemented .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  validate whether iops is a number .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  display a display graph for a field .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  display   publish
truth:  display   graph

test:  parses article from imdb 3 .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  ensure x .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  boolean   restrict
truth:  boolean   array

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   resample
truth:  list   directories

test:  ensure that a parameter is undefined in the form: here .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  retrieves   talking
truth:  retrieves   dict

test:  all text values for the pinging and text .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  split   gauss
truth:  split   strings

test:  compute the gauss-lobatto operation for two independent 1978 .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  define a log that installs all note .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  used   stripping
truth:  used   step

test:  determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  determine   restricts
truth:  determine   inset

test:  given a loops and a smbios .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  return the current device .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  a decorator that coerces the default arguments for a method .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return the number of fieldname in the desired 1024 .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  return a suitable type for a given object .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  call this function via an api that are not available .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  allows a user to populate the simplisafe template .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  ban   allocate
truth:  ban   user

test:  returns databook from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  compute h module from shutil .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  setup math for index .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  build   regressiont
truth:  build   index

test:  restores db from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   monkeypatch
truth:  remove   geonode

test:  get an ip address for a requests request .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  return position of an input variable holding a different variable .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  instantiate the test template .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  changes   lambda
truth:  changes   django

test:  evaluate all expression into an expression .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns a dict representing the current column .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  new perspective form .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  determine if the line contains an infinite line allowed to single line .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  returns a string to use for a given image model .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  get   mutes
truth:  get   app

test:  return a string representing a number of strings that can be used to convert capitalization in a hot-wired .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get path from begin and xml element .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return a new instance of the keys in a given domain .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accept the current line of the current line .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  return the address is the given elastic type .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  this creates a proxy to be used in a clean state of the instance of the current machine .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  clean up exception or callable in exception .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  asserts   randomise
truth:  asserts   message

test:  return a flat tree with the same parameters .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  apply   paste
truth:  apply   containers

test:  if a wrong table is provided with wrong marker .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  ascii85 -> int as a 32-bit integer .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  read the data format inside a file .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  object   crop
truth:  object   directory

test:  test lae: and lae .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone and play on a master .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  helper to determine if a possibly is a consistent for a given type .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 7 .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  call a function to run a reactor .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  return a feature structure that is obtained by replacing each variable bound by bindings with its binding .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  remove all pending docker characters from both pull and pull .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  get   datetimes
truth:  get   epoch

test:  checks if the given string is a valid <dict> ready for <what> .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the align of a local number .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  perform   identify
truth:  perform   alignment

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  get the path for a config file .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  parse   password
truth:  parse   atom

test:  get or set the radial ticklines plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  create all the actions for the given module .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  create   querying
truth:  create   actions

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  this is called before the simulator is being used .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  check whether the class is an instance of a class .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  check   safe_octal
truth:  check   class

test:  return the ec2 location to connect to .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  returns a generator of strings .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  common function to copy a file descriptor to the provided data .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fixture that mocks and project0 project0 .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  returns a json-string object for the targets .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  default view that doesnt update all events .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  revoke a flow from a file .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  create   hash
truth:  create   flow

test:  get info about an installed extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  helper function to make a time series .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the prefix of a string .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  construct   decoding
truth:  construct   lists

test:  default literal block depart handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  rabins deterministic distinct degree map over finite fields .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parses exact tests and return a dictionary of tests .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  build   mounts
truth:  build   objects

test:  upload an s3 to a file .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  returns the number of elements in an iterator .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  guess the total dimensions of an image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  make   batched
truth:  make   guess

test:  parses a named named named named sources .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   emitting
truth:  parses   character

test:  a helper function to add "value" to the {value} .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  add a new dataverse client and then add or accounts .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  verifies   expose
truth:  verifies   credentials

test:  counts the number of opening in a line .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  update the leafs of the supplied password using the supplied password .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  returns   terminate
truth:  returns   password

test:  a helper function for docs that returns a getter .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  make a class inheriting with attribute on the klass class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  adds a new taps path .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  check that pg value is a valid special name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  process the final graph and return the evoked graph .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  renders   offset
truth:  renders   parameters

test:  search for a package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  searches   commit
truth:  searches   repository

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents movement .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   structurize
truth:  determines   kevent

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  returns a string representation of the given color .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  check to see if a replication group group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to a ca file to a ca file using mkstemp() from all of github statements .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   gunzip
truth:  concatenate   certificates

test:  set the specified descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  update   parsefile
truth:  update   descriptor

test:  get loops through a given loops .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   recommended
truth:  remove   art

test:  return device device dictionary form from len .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns true if the given constant is a constant time .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  task delete .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  time   activate
truth:  time   delete

test:  calculates the coefficient of variation .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  computes   silence
truth:  computes   variation

test:  returns the chi-squared pdf function .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  select the pairwise kernels of a matrix .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  compute   attributes
truth:  compute   arrays

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  add only links to a list of links .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  return   transfers
truth:  return   plan

test:  create a new project and along with its dependencies .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  retrieve the file from the datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  start newtons libraries installed via ctypes .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  call   initializes
truth:  call   program

test:  verify that a generated by updating an http basic auth .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   format_alignment
truth:  pulls   authentication

test:  returns rendered representation of a rendered node .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  render   looping
truth:  render   node

test:  lookup the input linked to match the given prefix .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  get block device mapping for an instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  applies a library components of a given path .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  transforms   returns
truth:  transforms   something

test:  returns an instance of an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  compute the mask result of a matrix .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  deletes an inventory class .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  delete   adjust
truth:  delete   inventory

test:  helper to load the current configuration state .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  load the recarray and return a recarray instance .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  sort an ip address .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   pulls
truth:  ip   null

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  convert a form .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  register all requests to be used in the logging .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  context manager that suppresses the django .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the pids for processes matching a pattern .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  kill   printed
truth:  kill   pattern

test:  renders a review status for the given issue .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   batch
truth:  renders   code

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  mean   offset
truth:  mean   parameters

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  get the first occurence of the split line in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  courses controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return an event over all the plugins .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  find   backported
truth:  find   handlers

test:  compute wi for a set of routine .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  round   downgrades
truth:  round   point

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a non-default value .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   constrain
truth:  verify   attribute

test:  skip if the given model is dynamic dynamic dynamic support .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  returns the javascript code of the javascript file for js files .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  temporarily evaluate the output returned by an existing keyboardinterrupt .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  control   colorized
truth:  control   context

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   unlocking
truth:  given   source

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   assigned
truth:  close   room

test:  return output version from version .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  take   pulls
truth:  take   null

test:  compute a sample radius based on the sha1 bound to the out-edge parameters x : radius .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  turns a dns device to a device .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  matches   stream
truth:  matches   returns

test:  load prefix from nested prefix .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  prefix   colorized
truth:  prefix   context

test:  renames a single container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  rename   satisfy
truth:  rename   container

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  attach a json epics representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   mutate
truth:  attach   column

test:  modify a group of parameters from a group .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong range .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the first must .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  retrieves the primary vdi for a vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  retrieves   rollback
truth:  retrieves   vdi

test:  imports and returns an dynamic tracker .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  make sleep windows .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  write scalable vector graphics by a file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check the weights of the input weights .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  check   rescanning
truth:  check   weights

test:  check if the given parametrized metadata is metadata .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  gets all instances from ec2 instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  save the load data from all returners .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   fake
truth:  write   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   reverses
truth:  list   services

test:  returns true if the user is lockable by a given request .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  add mathjax script to rst from rst if it exists .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  adds   optimized
truth:  adds   script

test:  remove the special directories created if it isnt going to be used .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  return true if the list of clause are present in the config .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  create directory mkdir .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  initialize the request .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  loads   build
truth:  loads   conf

test:  get the kex .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  open paths with the given action function .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   crop
truth:  open   directory

test:  n331 - dont use log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   decorating
truth:  -   log

test:  run a tornado server .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  runs   clones
truth:  runs   server

test:  parse and extract the parameter for each line in it .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   switch
truth:  parse   list

test:  return the page from the given url .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  checks if we meet a version of 0-1 .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a free space under windows .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  require an reviewer reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  returns true if the field of the two fields are the same .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  compare   multivariate
truth:  compare   blocks

test:  set a user from the current process .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  creates a directory .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  check for a queue .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check the current session code .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make sure the incomplete list dont choke on .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  set the given properties on an consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  convert the given timestamp into the voltage 754 nan .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  builds   fly
truth:  builds   latitude

test:  read a key-value pair in a dictionary .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  make sure that no @hypothesis is reordering .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  lookup a packed packed stmt for the given ip address .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  helper function to get an element and return a list of all the maltparser attributes .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  lines list for lines .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  ensures that the operation removes angsep from angsep .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a tuple .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  returns path to the test test test test test test test file .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  plots a subplot plot .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  copy transcript from a new transcript .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  renames   labeled
truth:  renames   file

test:  returns integer board ids within integer p .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   raising
truth:  removes   docker

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  decorator to unindent all child threads .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  event: call another coroutine to a given event loop .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  create a tag .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  unsets   transliterate
truth:  unsets   variable

test:  returns a random string of a given length .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  return a rendered view of the provided resource view if it exists .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  closes review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  returns the unicode text from node .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  make a pidlockfile scenarios with pidlockfile test scenarios .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  make   mongodb
truth:  make   scenarios

test:  return the nodes of the graph g .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  sets user with whats .
truth: create a role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  allows a user to follow a follow page .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   allocate
truth:  allows   user

test:  display all help .
truth: print help message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  load macros from all macros .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   exception
truth:  load   macros

test:  returns a tuple of .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  combine   assume
truth:  combine   header

test:  find a attributes of the given attributes for the specified key .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  return a single network .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a relative .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  measures   itersubclasses
truth:  measures   similarity

test:  dimension a gcode file or text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  feed   supports
truth:  feed   text

test:  get flavor access list by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  look up a node in the given base and return its base .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  retrieve   flip
truth:  retrieve   python

test:  ensure that the request lat is present and can be updated .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  a decorator for timing methods .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  twitter sessions are secure with a view .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  element of a distance matrix .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  send analytics event .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  tracks   prioritized
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run indexing on the output of indexing in a sample index .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  index   mounts
truth:  index   objects

test:  decode hex encoded value .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decode   flattening
truth:  decode   field

test:  returns a list of users that the given course is currently list of users .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  list   deconvolves
truth:  list   level

test:  add names to the pagerduty class .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  generate a random integer with randomly law label: distribution .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  pulls   httperror
truth:  pulls   digit

test:  inject a new coursetalk widget into the specified course context .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  show a single html page .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  called   replaced
truth:  called   digits

test:  run a shell command with a given args .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  execute   instantiate
truth:  execute   arguments

test:  return a tuple of .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  pulls   undo
truth:  pulls   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  function to create a list of arrays .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  converts iterator of dependencies from a dictionary of dependencies .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  load an association hash .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  writes data to firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  updates media size in quantecon .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  return a miller-rabin pattern for the given pattern or if we can match the pattern .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  only coffee argument .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  encapsulates   utf-8
truth:  encapsulates   argument

test:  returns a formatted date .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  a generator that returns a tar line at a buffer .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  populate a matplotlib task with unknown tasks .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns the overall reciprocity for a graph .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  attach all objects and put groups to a query instance .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  fetch   drawing
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  return a dict with a single tag and target .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   enhanced
truth:  make   object

test:  finds all migrations of the device .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  retrieve a list of the most appropriate list of the given participant .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  return   associated
truth:  return   listing

test:  tickets view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  this is a proxy function .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  install a qutebrowser task .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   review
truth:  install   keys

test:  main section of the script .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  expected   inputhook
truth:  expected   sys

test:  redefine this test .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  quote a list for rows .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  checks that value is a string which is not too long .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   located
truth:  implements   method

test:  return a list of namedtuple .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  filter   protects
truth:  filter   args

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  update a value in the minimum section of the value .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  function   orthonormalizes
truth:  function   min

test:  return a common the common smallest common dimension of all nodes in d .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  pulls   wrap
truth:  pulls   defaultdict

test:  load social auth current user data to context .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns an iterable of topics and apply to the corresponding iterable of topics .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cache the return value for each tuple of arguments .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  applies f(clip .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  this function does the base64-encoded browser for rendering documents .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  return   digs
truth:  return   html

test:  returns a list of messages that sorts messages for translation .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sort   randomise
truth:  sort   message

test:  find a file in aff4_grr .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  called by s3optionsfilter to provide the current output of an item access via the template .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  scale image to a file .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  return true if a virtualenv exists inside a directory and is inside .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  destroys vdis root .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   inquire
truth:  initialize   tool

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  run openpyxl in default mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  return the number of events from the main device .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  start   igor
truth:  start   device

test:  format the firewall line .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse the raw analog analog string into a dictionary .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  get the region for the given region .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  updates routes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  patch   grouping
truth:  patch   system

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  custom page to allow access to our ticket page .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  return a time in seconds with a different time in a different time .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  show unicode code generated from :) .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  yaml: rundeck performs the trend report for the job .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   homebrew_packages
truth:  traverse   structure

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  detach   alignment
truth:  detach   section

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  decorator to register a class instance from the class .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  run command .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the standard team with team_name .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a number into a string .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  return value for the requested metric and metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  iterate over all modules and yield pairs as a locale .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  complete   assign
truth:  complete   requests

test:  generates a unique user id .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  release a fake dataset .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  calculates the search of a sequence in a different pattern .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  search   binds
truth:  search   dna

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  check   trim
truth:  check   support

test:  get a traffic server nodes from the provided campaign .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  add a nick to a target .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert a variable to a string for us representation .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  clone   bench
truth:  clone   value

test:  write homebrew table cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  main control of the python files .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  run   flip
truth:  run   python

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_photo service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  registers jquery animations on the page .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  step rules takes a suffix .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  returns a thresholds of table lines of new table .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   weblate
truth:  remove   references

test:  convert file metadata to metadata .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  utility function for file-like object .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  creates a new account for receiving pipeline grant to create the account .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  call   drops
truth:  call   call

test:  finds the national national op that can be used in a phone number .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  converts   r^2
truth:  converts   form

test:  callback for the command line option .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  ensure that a string is a valid name on the state which a docstring is not a clean formatted line .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  decorator for classes .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update clearing and a json segregate .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  deletes closed issues given a single list of issues and closed issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  checks   augments
truth:  checks   issues

test:  check output with a zoom of array of size .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  regression register for the application to be resolved .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  clone a zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  install   start
truth:  install   zone

test:  checks api requests to test and setup microversion .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  select   carry
truth:  select   test

test:  parse the shape of a single value .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   utf-8
truth:  parse   argument

test:  user has the entrance exam .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  mark   escapes
truth:  mark   student

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  ensures that the special element is found in the model .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  assumes   pulls
truth:  assumes   null

test:  formats a human readable string to format .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  outputs an expires header for delta from now .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   assume
truth:  outputs   header

test:  call signature:: bspline .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  f all rounded into one or more constant objects .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  return   introduce
truth:  return   l

test:  get a list of available vm cli example: .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  list   offset
truth:  list   parameters

test:  if an already-parsed tweet is valid .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  hide   bypassing
truth:  hide   tweet

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  require   resorts
truth:  require   python2

test:  finds and returns a dict of : string .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return a list of unique sample values .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  equivalent to html .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  concatenate raw events of a and returns events .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  concatenate   decoding
truth:  concatenate   lists

test:  validate a minute vector .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get the get sequence of a pair of points .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  opengl opengl configuration .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  -   fake
truth:  -   load

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  temperature   del
truth:  temperature   gcode

test:  invert a permutation of indices into the respective string .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  pulls   reverse
truth:  pulls   permutation

test:  normal_ordered_form: requires without original header .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  make   break
truth:  make   operations

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  appends   show
truth:  appends   notes

test:  load the extension in the ipython extension .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  load   issue
truth:  load   ipython

test:  return the correct backend name for a backend .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  serve the mogilefs .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  called   allocate
truth:  called   user

test:  regression test for bug matrix of oauth2_provider .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  write out the plugin id .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  mark   knapsack
truth:  mark   request

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  return   decimate
truth:  return   constructor

test:  retrieves request data from the request and returns a dict of address: .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  parse   producing
truth:  parse   certificate

test:  setup the graphite component .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  make a dependency dependency graph from a dependency .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  add   extract
truth:  add   version

test:  dimitem : id | dimitem | code | dimitem | stmt .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  parse a single *query part* string .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   scop
truth:  returns   token

test:  return a one-off or bool string-like from arr .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  detect   exposes
truth:  detect   values

test:  only in python 2 .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  computes the log of a function that computes the log of the current function .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  on some sample parts .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  chop   pulls
truth:  chop   null

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  when a header is added with a pil header .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  remove a demo demo collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   reallocation
truth:  loads   collection

test:  down a cookie by setting its common apostrophe cookie .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  breaks   modbus
truth:  breaks   cookie

test:  returns a dict with metadata metadata for an image .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  this subroutine is a generic cross validation .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   capitalize
truth:  convert   distances

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  list key from the specified key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return compactionstats .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  return the invalid one or more repository for the repository to see if it is either an .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  decorator to enable a function for a course call .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create the metric for each metric .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  initialize   reads
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  returns whether the method has a given method .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  check and infer a component .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  repairs   responds
truth:  repairs   database

test:  validate the module .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  convert hex string to a binary representation .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   flow
truth:  convert   fields

test:  generates hash of the current git hash for the given hotfix .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   authorizes
truth:  generates   command

test:  parse a template file into a json dict .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  extract   aliased
truth:  extract   json

test:  element-wise extension in schemas format .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  creates a google storage file .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   sleep
truth:  delete   files

test:  lists all the vlan to network associations .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  create a lazy lazy function for all related operation .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  schedule   reported
truth:  schedule   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   convert
truth:  merges   sequences

test:  a prefix with only the prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  add   taken
truth:  add   beginning

test:  helper function to call an xmlrpc .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns stats for matching changes for given activity .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   lbrace
truth:  returns   activity

test:  create a servicepair that uses local for testing remotevolumemanager .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  module-specific a set of packages to a test .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  return strides of energy energy a strides of a univariate f .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  pulls   syncing
truth:  pulls   hermite

test:  display the amount of idle display time until the hard disk is in use .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   reloads
truth:  display   amount

test:  build an api url for a given slug .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  generate   cloning
truth:  generate   github

test:  compute the first derivative of f function f: a 3d function f: the differential equation function of f .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  outputs a python data structure to a method in seconds .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  copy a file to disk .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   wanted
truth:  copy   filename

test:  given an array of encoding .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  determine   restrict
truth:  determine   array

test:  you can add keys to the keys in a dictionary .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  push   uncheck
truth:  push   element

test:  reverse-map reverse-map information to disk .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  get   specified
truth:  get   fingerprint

test:  the plan rechunk is in the new block .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  plan   pulls
truth:  plan   null

test:  create a new role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  returns a list of all files found in the given host .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  take a dict and return a tuple of arguments .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   talking
truth:  convert   dict

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  handles a syntactically column .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  concatenate   default
truth:  concatenate   part

test:  returns a two-coloring of a graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  conditional to conditional .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  get all python packages .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  returns link to weblate weblate url .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  returns   compile
truth:  returns   documentation

test:  pretty-format a datetime object to a formatted date .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  apply   support
truth:  apply   time

test:  return a list of visible courses .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   disconnect
truth:  returns   courses

test:  compute frac sdm of sdm in k[x] .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  compute   r^2
truth:  compute   form

test:  retrieves the value of the sql query and then query it up values .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  perform   xlsx
truth:  perform   query

test:  filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   mounts
truth:  filters   objects

test:  sleep .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  sleep   grouping
truth:  sleep   system

test:  install a file using wx times .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   trim
truth:  install   support

test:  make a accessible node from an node .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  function   defines
truth:  function   attributes

test:  return a string describing an instances state via its instancestate .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  install pyenv if pyenv is not installed .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   embedded
truth:  install   example

test:  import and configure the global python path .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configures   unquoting
truth:  configures   environment

test:  interpolate bads .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  test existence of a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  similar to the purpose purpose .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  return a dictionary of {field_index: of the columns of the given axis .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compute a named model of the following: features .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  apply   pushing
truth:  apply   model

test:  perform self-test .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a colormap of given image .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  decorator to add an nodelocalstate to the initial queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  analyze   thrusting
truth:  analyze   space

test:  apply the expression to a string .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  convert text into a dns rdata by dns message .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  convert   initalizes
truth:  convert   dns

test:  find an http table that is similar to the given data .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  checks   resets
truth:  checks   beautifulsoup

test:  create an empty media for a certain file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   slave_open
truth:  create   media

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  pulls   activate
truth:  pulls   delete

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   indexes
truth:  destroy   snapshot

test:  check if the python version is run in the cache .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  validate that the provided service is valid .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  verify   requesting
truth:  verify   i

test:  custom method for sphinx extension .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  turns an rfc822 or a datetime .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  find a url with a value that is used as a dict .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  validate   access
truth:  validate   url

test:  default index form .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  install a gettext function as the default gettext domain .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   crack
truth:  install   _

test:  check to make sure the default props matches the input linelength .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  the error code is returned in the last argument .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   batch
truth:  error   code

test:  crypto a list of samples .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sorts   pulls
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load a dataset from a filter request file .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  loads   carve
truth:  loads   word

test:  extract all the given version-2 .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  extract   offset
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  returns a test case of test case classes .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  return   reflect
truth:  return   testcase

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the script for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  api endpoint for compressor compressor .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  returns   removes
truth:  returns   gzip

test:  load the data .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  scenario description takes a scenario .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  converts a text to a string .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  find a known file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  tests that pytables can be trained when the target labels for pytables .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  fixture that provides a template class for tests .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  url   storing
truth:  url   template

test:  remove a css class from the css classes .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   safe_octal
truth:  remove   class

test:  function that ignores unicode strings by default .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   pauses
truth:  function   printing

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  test isolation forest for known sparse vectors .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos and macos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  add the host with host .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   bundled
truth:  add   aggregate

test:  when a plugin configuration plugin plugins .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  make sure that all whitespace in the whitespace list .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  make   comma
truth:  make   whitespace

test:  pre of request .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  enable   belong
truth:  enable   hook

test:  helper function for mapping fields to a list of fields .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save an array to disk .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  saves   restrict
truth:  saves   array

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decodes string into a native file .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   negate
truth:  decode   resource

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  write a source script to a file .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  source   optimized
truth:  source   script

test:  return a url from an url .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  join   manage
truth:  join   fragment

test:  perform a copy of data .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  gives   coordinates
truth:  gives   exploration

test:  click a new html component with a lrc component .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   stores
truth:  normalize   name

test:  create a wrong .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  register links for html markup .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  leave   saves
truth:  leave   links

test:  add the workers .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   flattening
truth:  add   field

test:  make sure we get the es down to use and display them .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  returns   mean
truth:  returns   elasticsearch

test:  returns a list of objects for the given axis .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  this is a script .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  wrap a function to prevent multiple threads from the decorator .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  caches   dispatched
truth:  caches   calls

test:  compute a regression targets for a set of strings .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  a dummy view that returns the license with a simple license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  pulls   count
truth:  pulls   lms

test:  console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   dereference
truth:  returns   width

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  compute bit prim .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  returns a random integer in the range [0 .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  tests file and on-disk appropriate file .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  call a generator function with a user .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  run tests from the given test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  escape some xml characters in xml characters .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  touch a default user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  compare the replication assigned to a desired file .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  return the contents of the xml tree as a string .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  return   autoencoder
truth:  return   xml

test:  retrieve a quota class for a given resource .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  validator for a set of os .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  returns the last message in seconds .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  calls   branching
truth:  calls   progress

test:  maps numpy dtype to default format for this type .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  maps   destroy
truth:  maps   dtype

test:  configures an explicit audio output device .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   flattens
truth:  configures   output

test:  this page is only to provide wiki data for the analytics domain .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  computes the score of the input data .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  regularized   filesize
truth:  regularized   derivative

test:  expand a column into a list of column names .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  parse an available: record .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  download the list of cover art associated with a given tag .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  get   pressing
truth:  get   cover

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return the treesegment tree for the given tree node .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  update ports page .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  leaks -> url the webapp timeout : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  find   lowess
truth:  find   tomcat

test:  returns the attribute of a method .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  validates that the most appropriate config files do not contain a config key .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  test overlapping overlapping codes .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  open a database file .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  exists   retrying
truth:  exists   compatibility

test:  determine the endpoint of an array .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  time in seconds with current time .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  calls   safe_octal
truth:  calls   class

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that contains no python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  parameter connection and :py:class:optiongroup files .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  init   format
truth:  init   parameter

test:  asserts specified text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly exactly the specified text .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   supports
truth:  asserts   text

test:  return a list of version .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  common code for zoneminder mapping of mapping .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  given   multivariate
truth:  given   blocks

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   lets
truth:  document   handler

test:  set random state of function .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  set   currents
truth:  set   state

test:  gets the list of credit requests for a user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  make verbose .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  create a fake blockdevicevolume with a dataset_id derived from the given blockdevice_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  members of the main hue config .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  convert a timestamp to a string .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  retrieve   shared
truth:  retrieve   string

test:  error checking on routines that should not return one .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  cache-ing implementation of the rate limiting get_valid_filename .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns the given string converted to a valid python filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return all votes that can be visible in a user .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  build the celery error message .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  returns a list of updateable urls for a given image .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  returns the class of the product product .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  convert a timestamp of the system time .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  convert   digs
truth:  convert   html

test:  get ordered loop from nested loops .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  run a command .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  view that allow a password to be updated at a password change .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  change   bring
truth:  change   page

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   enhanced
truth:  import   object

test:  set the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  compute nth permutations of product-of-spacings parameters y : ndarray y : int number of steps y : int the number of each element in sparse process of the forecast values
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  produce   offset
truth:  produce   parameters

test:  fork off a process .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return number of tuples and line numbers for a token .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution uses rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  a sane function .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert an image to a numpy array .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   host
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the timeout is set correctly .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns all exploration summaries for the given exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read from the transfields of the cache for the report .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  emits function to process multiple threads .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  is   coupling
truth:  is   target

test:  create an instance of the equity curve curve on the equity defined by uniformly .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  log a message with severity exception on the log logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of all refids objects .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  it reads an image u{url} .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  reads   prettyprint
truth:  reads   examples

test:  return a tablespace which is currently being used for the the postgres server .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  safely delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  write a julian-formatted floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  prints the current file .
truth: main function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the given html with all between a and b .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  extract string from file .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  reads   hacked
truth:  reads   buffer

test:  setup a figure and a grid on clean axes .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  pulls   socket
truth:  pulls   projection

test:  convert a dictionary of a config dict to a tree .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  for a given item in place .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test using a numerically stable reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  test   localize
truth:  test   reference

test:  return default deadline for a credit deadline .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  view to start .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   given
truth:  view   register

test:  search a field for a field .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  extract the config from a full resource name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  get the profiles directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  undo logger .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  undoes   demonstrates
truth:  undoes   setup

test:  api: send a test to notification test .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  get the default object for this process .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  add the communication between this process .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve all usage associated with a given resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  reads a filedescriptor for managing systems parameters n : array_like coefficients of the format searches for qwebhistory 5 .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  yaml: critical translate environment variables to end in critical log file .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  verify that the key exists for the key of the key .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request headers .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  create two matrices .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  taken   contributed
truth:  taken   t

test:  test if filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  try to get info about the registry for an absolute .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  gets   r^2
truth:  gets   form

test:  returns a key symbol for a key .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  if output is missing .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  rebuild out the schedule rebuild .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  try   indices
truth:  try   kb

test:  cache some python objects .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  cache   mounts
truth:  cache   objects

test:  create new course .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   catch
truth:  create   course

test:  return the users home directory if it doesnt already exist .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  get a list of public ip addresses .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  download and print the tarball .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  returns whether the obj is an iterator .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  perform a recursive .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  downloads   inform
truth:  downloads   entry

test:  returns the location of the variable marker file .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  return a tree hash of a hash .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  return a dict of srs of things from things .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  takes   mignotte
truth:  takes   things

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   assume
truth:  adds   header

test:  wrapper around window that allows enrollments .
truth: return a window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  inverse secant .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  performs   plugin
truth:  performs   division

test:  decorator to help replace celery atomic handlers with a specific cursor .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return an md5 file server hash .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  solves linear differential equation a0(x)y(x) + a*y = media + xb = linear regression .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  print all @head .
truth: print this help . 
test:  print   xfail
truth:  print   help

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  get a specific plugin instance from the passed plugin dict .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  find   decimals
truth:  find   storage

test:  resolves the argument to a numeric constant .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns the region code that matches a phonenumber number .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  profile a tp .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  profiling   accessing
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote a list of characters representing the same arguments .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  generate a count of when the given traffic generated by stringlist .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  return   fragment
truth:  return   report

test:  create a directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  a generator for persisting objects for persisting .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  helper function for searching for xml or more sorted_children .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  get a model reference from the provided resource reference .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  retrieve   pushing
truth:  retrieve   model

test:  delete migrations for certain value of choices .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to body .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  deletes scheduled records .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  return a list of a sequence of the values in a sequence of values .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  stop the configuration and send .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  turn a number into a string of pairs .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  trailing   determines
truth:  trailing   indexing

test:  configure configuration certificates for nvp coded .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   request
truth:  configure   control

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  get all requests that are after a given request .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  get elementnodeobject .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  extracts messages from an email .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  strips   pulls
truth:  strips   null

test:  get the current time .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  deletes a route route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   astring
truth:  deletes   route

test:  return a list of all exercises that the given user is completed for .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns mongo application name based on image name .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  useful for getting a function .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  create a new security rule .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  compute the lagged for a matrix array for a graph g object and lag returns a list of sample values for the distance matrix .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  assumes   support
truth:  assumes   time

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   reported
truth:  patches   function

test:  return a list of the resource .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  a simple test of functions .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  calculate   format
truth:  calculate   parameter

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  return a vec(s) line .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return configuration information for consumption .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the actual path of a key .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  validate a gcm .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  input   visualize
truth:  input   artist

test:  init configuration and create a relevant document representing the relevant rules .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   encapsulate
truth:  init   instance

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  gets the inner objects of the specified type .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  fetch interfaces and associated with a list of interfaces .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  provide   talking
truth:  provide   dict

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  format a style power of an integer power of a power or class .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  gets the list of dupe in the database .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  removes   lcmv
truth:  removes   models

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   publish
truth:  write   graph

test:  enable fullscreen on current axis .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  reload the gluon routes .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  routes   undoes
truth:  routes   routes

test:  writes a movie .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  writes   assemble
truth:  writes   movie

test:  multivariate normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  difference operator .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  divide   looking
truth:  divide   operator

test:  returns a dictionary of the cases of a network .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  return a dict with two sequences of size in each block .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove a file descriptor at path .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  compute the n-dimensional quadratic quadratic quadratic g .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  join -> string return a string composed of the indicated list .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  convert obj to unicode string .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  this function generates a slightly and returns a string with a clean line .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   restrict
truth:  scharr   array

test:  retrieves the dhcp options object tied to the requested vpc tags .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  finds   enhanced
truth:  finds   object

test:  kegg link to/from "changes" identifiers .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  link   consisting
truth:  link   link

test:  display the configuration backend for the given salt fileserver backend cli example: .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  returns the function in the list of dicts which function is true .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  require a postgresql site .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  require   handles
truth:  require   site

test:  call a function or method .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  verify that a string is a valid file .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  update the process with an virtual machine .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  setup sphinx extension .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  setup   attempt
truth:  setup   extension

test:  test reading a table witn no column header .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  process a worker from the given future .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  return a list of message sizes for the current user .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  create and return a list of the keys from the gpg framework framework .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  function   review
truth:  function   keys

test:  determine the list of effective formats for a particular formats .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  list   choice
truth:  list   formats

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return count of count space in line .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   timing
truth:  return   spaces

test:  returns a sort hash for whether or not the value is the same .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  view that logs out the user and redirects to home page .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  for a query of python .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  copy a new field from a list of dictionaries .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given an object or a jinja module .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of all images in the file .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  calls into the current thread .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  push a running system .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  push   integrityerror
truth:  push   repositories

test:  return true if discussions have access to the forum access .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  boolean   colored
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  return path to correct module .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  create backup to backup files in a tar archive .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  tars   sleep
truth:  tars   files

test:  splits an element in a sequence .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  unpack   confirmed
truth:  unpack   length

test:  tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception handlers using the accept wrapper .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  processes all python files .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  return true if the url belongs to the provided host .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  preflow push .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  finds mac address to the mac directories of the given directory .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  pulls   encode
truth:  pulls   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get all compute belonging to a topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  remove a fixed ip address from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   based
truth:  remove   address

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  returns the incoming rate rate of the purchase .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   formatted
truth:  get   rate

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parses the ancient function function for .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  renders the users avatar service for a user .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  render   generate
truth:  render   users

test:  if output is true .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  match   reported
truth:  match   function

test:  reader function to load a reader .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  expand   reset
truth:  expand   reader

test:  return smbios_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  create a new message .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  attach a queryset representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   downgrades
truth:  attach   point

test:  return the pid for prior radvd instance for a process .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  helper function to get contrast if n is not a c{float} array .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  add vertex element to an xml element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  onpick callback that can be consistent in a single sensor .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  callback   overrides
truth:  callback   channel

test:  check the root absolute mean .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  avoid all log calls to match all log messages .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  sets a new value to allow a file .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  get the xml element .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  check to see if an instance profile profile exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the length of a phone number .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  delete one or more config lines .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  setup the variable[conf sensor .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  this function is a copy of json data .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  cached   aliased
truth:  cached   json

test:  solves bernoulli differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  parses a t: rule for a scan .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  parse   unescapes
truth:  parse   rule

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  adds the given node to the target list .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  insert   pulls
truth:  insert   null

test:  validate single tunnel config .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  remove a single ips from the csf .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  remove   instructs
truth:  remove   loopback

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   interpret
truth:  return   dashboard

test:  verify that the current python version is used and has the required version .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  require   extract
truth:  require   version

test:  enable the use of the currently logged-in template .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  return existing virt type .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  returns whether the given password is valid .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns date from a datetime representation of a datetime object .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  turn   enhanced
truth:  turn   object

test:  return a decorator that sends the given value of a tagged method .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  attaches   bench
truth:  attaches   value

test:  registers a recent tile .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   expect
truth:  add   body

test:  list contents of a queues cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  return   customized
truth:  return   salt

test:  get the signature from a filename .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  decode   restoring
truth:  decode   data

test:  get the path to the plot root directory .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   disconnects
truth:  returns   dir

test:  get the geometry tools directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a skipgrams .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a list of random paragraph .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   supported
truth:  returns   paragraph

test:  returns true if the current user has the given permission .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  decorator for concrete cache requires an instance of the instance .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the genre of a common ending with the same order b .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  same as a += b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  returns   downgrades
truth:  returns   point

test:  creates an iterable of topics from a foldermissingerror .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  idlist : idlist | ruleitem | ruleitem | idlist | ruleitem | idlist | length-d performs | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  testing that the output of a feature is installed .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  dummy view for testing .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  pulls   spawns
truth:  pulls   endpoint

test:  generate a dict of qgraphicsitems for a sequence of sequences .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  decorator that registers a function with the given name raises dictization_functions .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns file path .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return the first item of the list .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  return directory where you should put .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  loads and returns html markup from ini .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a queryset of products and a user id .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  restrict   waveform
truth:  restrict   products

test:  a decorator taking the decorated function as being used in the class .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  pulls   defines
truth:  pulls   attributes

test:  returns a template for a template .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  get cart cart cart cart cart .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  load le32 format .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  creates a layer from a layer instance and ensures its result is not used to inject the given layer collide .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  pulls   initialise
truth:  pulls   layers

test:  replace the length of a specified string .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse permutates and return a .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  ensure that erfa returns a k-sample array is consistent .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decode the given password or list of strings of the given object .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  decode   stores
truth:  decode   name

test:  decorator to create a task signature .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  compute an adjacency .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  quotas quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   optimize
truth:  check   quotas

test:  show all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   exposes
truth:  print   values

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  create a new context object in the db .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  initialise into an exception .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  removes   post_save
truth:  removes   metadata

test:  handle a matrix .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  extend   contructs
truth:  extend   sample

test:  get the taxmodule and the result of the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  claim a worker entry for an cleanup .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  only return if requests and boto are installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  prints a bold for the bold .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  make sure that the virtualenv is raised when we use a package .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  build   corresponding
truth:  build   wheel

test:  updates the repositories database .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  scenarios have hashes with inline comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  pulls   unroll
truth:  pulls   steps

test:  project management files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  split the path components into .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  extract timestamp into a timestamp timestamp .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  formats   childnodes
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  ensures logs logs in pkgin .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  make   gauss
truth:  make   strings

test:  returns the liveaction to be created via action .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  request   decrease
truth:  request   action

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  run a reactor and return its output .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  rewrite the user .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  rewrites   allocate
truth:  rewrites   user

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  tests that revision is a bug and formats it for a given unit .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   capitalizes
truth:  tests   revision

test:  retrieve the experiment from the project .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  determine   labeled
truth:  determine   file

test:  main function for the sample for the sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  pulls   contructs
truth:  pulls   sample

test:  restores a list of key-value pairs from a renewal one .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make sure the shell env will be set .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  clone the given expression structure .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   homebrew_packages
truth:  clone   structure

test:  generate the theme for inclusion in the theme .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   sampled
truth:  generate   footer

test:  container_type : input .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller for the tropo controller .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a current numeric location in an image .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  copy attributes from src to dst .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  returns a binary digest for the salt with the pbkdf2 hash algorithm of data .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  xkcd test objective function for registers .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  train a word2vec .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  read   extract_array
truth:  read   tf

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   alignment
truth:  retrieve   section

test:  parses an iso 8601 date string to a utc date .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  make sure hponcfg tool is accessible .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  determine a tuple to create a new username for the username .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  create axes at the end of axes .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  return   interfacing
truth:  return   axes

test:  returns a 4-tuple with basic documents and log-scale .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  removes   eliminates
truth:  removes   elements

test:  compute the linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  lazy init of the accounts accounts .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  detect   initializes
truth:  detect   program

test:  compute a bottom kkt by a bound optimality .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  decoratedfunction docstring .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  get ports interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  interfaces   offset
truth:  interfaces   parameters

test:  compute a surface bem for one inf .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  calculate the mp from the waist of a gaussian distribution .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  convert markdown text to markdown field .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  unregister wrapper .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  resets   trending
truth:  resets   driver

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  returns if a function is a monotonic .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  return a tuple containing the first common interfaces of each tuple .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  returns a sequence of bytes based on the given stream .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  writes   storing
truth:  writes   template

test:  ensures that the right altaz set in something is called .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  elementwise rectified transform function .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  creates an xml document with the given tag .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  pulls   autoencoder
truth:  pulls   xml

test:  updates a list of html urls that have the same urls in the given course urls in the form of the respective to a new image .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  perform the client for vera controller devices .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  perform   travel
truth:  perform   vera

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   carve
truth:  push   word

test:  check that a datetime specification is div .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  test   evacuate
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the default column value for a given schema .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  fetch user roles from given username .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  get gaussian path from the loop .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  flatten a dict with keys and values of a given prefix .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  like :func:pbkdf2_bin .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  resolve   extract
truth:  resolve   version

test:  get a screenshot for a screenshot .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  displays   reorders
truth:  displays   screenshot

test:  sets an interval to be used in authorization opt .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  gets the local number of a memcache and its height .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  retrieve   unmarshalling
truth:  retrieve   sizes

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  convert a users user name to a uid .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  a file url for relative use .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  translates processed_list info in post form .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  load python data from a file .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  this utility function does a subset of the data contained in a set of chunks .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  iterator   packed
truth:  iterator   chunks

test:  returns the manifest by a stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  guess the value of a method .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restores a configuration from the dulwich information on a specific configuration .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  create a new git worker .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  pull out passwords from key .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  converts a dw .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   username
truth:  evaluate   calculation

test:  given an object .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  runs a script against a remote scripts .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  load a library by name .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  test for issue 257 .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return code for a valid code name .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  load a file from disk .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns hardcoded diskpath for a device .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  makes sure that a connection = width is correctly .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  fix   analyzes
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator to iterate over the data .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  locate a file name and return the corresponding form in the file .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  creates a new feed instance for the provided feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return for equal variance of one or more crc16 .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  calculate   threshold
truth:  calculate   distribution

test:  return a list of all the filenames it contains .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  return the path without leading and trailing slashes .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target ignoring nodes and target ignoring the containers .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  restart traffic server on the local node .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  generate a maximum of an image .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove a single package with pkg_delete multiple package options: pkgs a list of packages to be deleted .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  execute a strategic template with a given namespace and return the resulting template .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  locate   storing
truth:  locate   template

test:  a valid url that expects a local repository .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  itemtype add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  if cli input .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  tokens   dtype
truth:  tokens   arg

test:  a dumb separator .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  remove any item from a normalized sequence .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  eliminates   pulls
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns the supplied function for a given function .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  adds the atomic group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  enables   pulls
truth:  enables   null

test:  test for reproducible .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  output   flask
truth:  output   times

test:  features scenarios tags are no scenarios .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  applied   handle
truth:  applied   features

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   unescapes
truth:  apply   rule

test:  run a command on the configuration .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  generate a random item from the given distribution .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  create   renders
truth:  create   series

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  connect to the socket server running on a given port .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check supplied state is a boolean power and see if it is running .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  helper function to update a trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   applied
truth:  update   trace

test:  return the callback for the given comment .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  construct a memory path from place where asset is restricted to be supplied .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  filter   hits
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  show usage usage with project .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  returns a random value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  run a command and return its output as a string .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  runs   attriute
truth:  runs   stdout

test:  convert a configuration file for json serialization .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  takes   freezing
truth:  takes   configuration

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  carves up a mime_type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  this function prints itself .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  clear cached items .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  discard   added
truth:  discard   p

test:  create and returns a cache extension .
truth: remove " . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  check to see if the stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  check   takes
truth:  check   stream

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  get print format for given doc .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items in the release source file data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  verify a signature private webhook .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  run interactive environment .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  open   insert
truth:  open   targets

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  this function takes a string and returns either this string or a regexp .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  function   shared
truth:  function   string

test:  returns the current connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  construct a version header with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  print out the data passed into a string and return the result .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  split a into a pair of int64 .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  filters all the urls contained in the json file .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  given   pass
truth:  given   document

test:  file descriptor to end up to file .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  sync   restoring
truth:  sync   data

test:  index of lowest value over a specified period .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  weighted   pulls
truth:  weighted   null

test:  adds a product to the basket .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  check   propagates
truth:  check   qurl

test:  create a commentdoc .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  extract   optdict
truth:  extract   lines

test:  rescales a file .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   labeled
truth:  decode   file

test:  converts any ctypes string to mbcs .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return the radius radius of the graph .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   rewrite
truth:  return   radius

test:  updates the course blocks for the selected compute .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  pass   reported
truth:  pass   function

test:  return a capabilities for the given resource .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  get all cpus .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  take a class of text into a string of the instances of the ways .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  create composite image by blending images using a transparency mask .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  create   blend
truth:  create   mask

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  evaluates the natural logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  creates a new port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  creates   deserialized
truth:  creates   bridge

test:  sets the language of the current request to the backend .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  process   stretch
truth:  process   language

test:  generates unique meas fields for the given ec2-id id .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   talking
truth:  generate   dict

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  remove invalid values of whitespace from the given string .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   block
truth:  remove   chars

test:  returns a getter property with cascading cascading .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  returns a tuple of headers suitable for the supplied headers .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   decimals
truth:  validate   storage

test:  remove invalid xml file from xml .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  attempts   pulls
truth:  attempts   null

test:  generate and generate a secret key .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return the correct queues .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  parse a progress from its argument .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  pull   uploading
truth:  pull   job

test:  declaration_specifiers : storage_class_specifier declaration_specifiers .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  close all serial port .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   receives
truth:  close   port

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  returns utf-8 representation of the given string .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  decode   flip
truth:  decode   python

test:  get information about last version cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get all instance mapping for a given instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  create a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  format the timestamp for the current thread .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  template   hits
truth:  template   filter

test:  handle a sigterm .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  puts   vms
truth:  puts   thread

test:  reload service name cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reverses
truth:  pulls   services

test:  returns true if the extension is made .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  provides   mocked
truth:  provides   runner

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   clustered
truth:  solves   equations

test:  change all of the states rules of a particular estimator .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  a decorator marking the decorated function as typing and object_id .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  wraps   float
truth:  wraps   decorator

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  remove a single elements of text .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   eliminates
truth:  remove   elements

test:  returns a list of modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   init
truth:  returns   modules

test:  same as the client .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  write a repository to the repository .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  tokenid : id | qliteral | code | prec .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  invert all pixel values above a binary image .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  reduce   prepopulates
truth:  reduce   bits

test:  return a workflow instance which can be used with (in socket .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  a decorator factory for views that a user has access to with a specific addon .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  run after event view .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if celery libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  create a sphinx application .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  wrapped   stays
truth:  wrapped   sphinx

test:  get the list of power types and power types .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  add a cli manager to our api .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  pulls   decrease
truth:  pulls   action

test:  constructor constructor for integer or raise .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  check that all installed ports are present .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test mne analyze .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   localize
truth:  find   reference

test:  get a list of all interfaces that will be accessible in the network interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  gives   switch
truth:  gives   list

test:  decorator that implement a jsonrpc .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  execute   pts
truth:  execute   rpc

test:  enqueues a course instance with anonymous and ebs settings .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  generate   aliased
truth:  generate   json

test:  makes a calendar with hierarchy .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  return   dissassociates
truth:  return   levels

test:  returns the color with two different operators .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  checks if a same array is a same same matrix .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   divides
truth:  return   matrices

test:  connect to aws route :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   listens
truth:  connect   amazon

test:  return the dot product of y by shape or x by y when one or both of x and y is a lineartransform instance parameters x : writeme y :
truth: compute dot . 
test:  compute   boot
truth:  compute   dot

test:  redirects the user to flask n elements .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  redirect   bring
truth:  redirect   page

test:  return a json representation of the library info .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   sanitize
truth:  return   libraries

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  check if the sample at row is old-named .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  this decorator calls app_reverse() to ensure that the test is properly required .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  returns a string representing the native method .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a template string from a configservice of c_declare .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   deconvolves
truth:  parse   level

test:  convert a datetime value to a datetime .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  lists all providers filter .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   temperature
truth:  converts   date

test:  return true if path is a python package .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   define
truth:  is   path

test:  test canonicalized copy .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   blacklisted
truth:  test   attachments

test:  clears a single search index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the value of the request .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  returns a key function that returns a key of a list .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  sort   reported
truth:  sort   function

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  check if the line contains an out-of-line trace .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a random string of numba characters .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  consumer attributes for all its default attributes .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  pass   defines
truth:  pass   attributes

test:  creates a checker update with the deadlock instance .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  ico -> 1 .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  pulls   splitting
truth:  pulls   surface

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning and we add a scalar .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   figure
truth:  test   inputs

test:  returns whether obj is a collection of objects .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  for testing .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  setup the gpmdp .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  regression test for url .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  expected improvement for ??? ??? dynamically .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  contract   pulls
truth:  contract   null

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  find out what items are documented in source/* .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  remove elemwise epoch from epochs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  equalize   sparks
truth:  equalize   number

test:  extract the info from a file path and capture generators .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  get the precedence state for a given state .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  find the path to the absolute absolute path for a repository .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a color structure to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  only load if all the modules are available .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end class xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  turn on csrf token into one .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  update websites update .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return intersect as a list of lists from the given baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  check for missing course mode .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  split a list into a string .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the itunes platform .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  decorator that skips a test if multiprocessing not running one .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  write the special text to a file .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  decorate   pulls
truth:  decorate   null

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  remove a single file .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   printed
truth:  remove   pattern

test:  returns the integer or integer according to the configuration .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  generate   reconstructs
truth:  generate   ndarray

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return image properties in r fields .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  sets   backup
truth:  sets   properties

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   challenges
truth:  using   renderer

test:  return true if any element of the sequence satisfies true .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  checks the site with the current site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  only load the module if the mysql is supported .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  helper function for _in_encoding .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  expects   authorizes
truth:  expects   command

test:  deletes all objects related to unregister .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  set evacuate configuration facts if not present in facts dict args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the generated evacuate or none .
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for all of the driver cache .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   flashes
truth:  replace   characters

test:  add the closest remaining remaining remaining model to the closest remaining running .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   define
truth:  transfer   path

test:  a class decorator to be used in the class to vararg an attribute of the class .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   render
truth:  pulls   issubclass

test:  turns all issues in a list of issues into a single string .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extract   augments
truth:  extract   issues

test:  make the states for a list of states to make a new yaml exploration .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  tests update plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  returns if to apply to endchar or > .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   batch
truth:  run   code

test:  send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  the first line option .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  is   import
truth:  is   summary

test:  evaluate a dataset .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   debugging
truth:  evaluate   dataset

test:  return all nodes of a graph .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  returns lowercased string independent .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  translate   corrupts
truth:  translate   terms

test:  ensure a security profile is present .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  get a list of osf statistics for the date .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  build sdists arguments .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  grab the dicts and expected templates .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  given   svn
truth:  given   dicts

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return true if the node is a decorator decorator .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  download a histograms object from a bucket .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  tidies a filename .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  this function is currently empty or none .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  pulls   poll
truth:  pulls   versions

test:  construct a derivative of all against a path .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  manipulate   sums
truth:  manipulate   expression

test:  returns a shared function that can be used to upcast the 48 .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  returns the network api functions .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  this is to run a test as a isgenerator .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  a decorator to enforce user roles .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  delete an existing child volume .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   eliminating
truth:  delete   cache

test:  authenticate and return access token .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  authenticate   guvectorize
truth:  authenticate   oauth

test:  prints and returns elapsed time since last tic .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  saves   skipped
truth:  saves   use

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  construct   come
truth:  construct   yaml

test:  computes the erfinv erfinv erfinv .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure secret from db .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  pulls   sends
truth:  pulls   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  used to recursively copy a template file from salt master cli example: .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  render   labeled
truth:  render   file

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  compares the value of a configuration value .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  extract the maximum of a path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  return a fresh instance of the specified message .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   present
truth:  linking   role

test:  decorator to read and return a file .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  read in production bytes from file .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  given a linear programming row .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  normalizes a string to a maximum of given text .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  detects image in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   handle
truth:  detects   features

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  returns a matrix from the given user .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  asks   allocate
truth:  asks   user

test:  generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   review
truth:  generates   keys

test:  returns the current task for a task .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  executing   mount
truth:  executing   task

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  generates a stream of positional bytes .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  call this service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  display the clairvoyance dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  determines if the given action is in the given action .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  pulls   fit
truth:  pulls   choices

test:  sum a number of clades length for a given trees .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  count   pulls
truth:  count   null

test:  determine if the object is an instance of a built-in valueerror .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  simulates   inplace
truth:  simulates   ovs

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  test the built-in usage of invalid exception .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   storing
truth:  delete   template

test:  extracts the levels index of a list of integers .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   utf-8
truth:  determine   argument

test:  this is the same code as cart .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  returns a string with each line stripped .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  test that the virtual machines on .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  no changes to the members table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   forwards
truth:  changes   image

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  returns the person values for a user .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  calculates number of lea .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   sanitize
truth:  format   libraries

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to tiles and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a static cluster for the given job submission .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert a given payload type to a form for a given feature .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  string   blocks
truth:  string   representation

test:  shows the version from znc and compile options .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  reset the specified model instances of messages from a given model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   tile
truth:  reset   information

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  returns the dashboard version .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  validate database validation for each of invalid requirements .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  validate   purge
truth:  validate   requirements

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return an md5 hash of the file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  generate   orthoganlize
truth:  generate   hash

test:  return the sum of a column column .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  pulls   address
truth:  pulls   sqlalchemy

test:  move a file thru the folder .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  move   enhanced
truth:  move   object

test:  movefile a file and its modification times .
truth: move a file . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  format rst from current locale to rst .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  get the fans method of an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  default implementation of qsturng .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  return the raw tool xml as a dict .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  load   blocks
truth:  load   representation

test:  check for header header header .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  yaml: file a file yaml: yaml: file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  output of each jinja2 .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  plots   organize
truth:  plots   histogram

test:  dumps a value to a file .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  dump   reported
truth:  dump   function

test:  find a user by name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  return a list of direct strings .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  add   authenticated
truth:  add   everything

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  calculate the number of distinct values for a hexsum .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  register browser probe .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  get a random integer within the x-axis .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  load all python plugins .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  attempts   interpolated
truth:  attempts   plugins

test:  load current logger .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  find all instances of an object .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  recursive   located
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a sequence .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  check if an compatibility is valid .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  runs   retrive
truth:  runs   checks

test:  returns false if stock is not a valid one .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  a context manager to change output to stdout .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a *safe* weak method to a callable target target -- the object to be weakly referenced .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  gets vmdk size for an image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  tries to replace unsafe version .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  undoes   pulls
truth:  undoes   null

test:  wrap of the first derivative of a matrix .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  create a file client and add it to the context .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  scan a video from a website .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   updating
truth:  scan   archive

test:  sets a random circuit in choices .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   deduces
truth:  insert   circuit

test:  get all api deployment for a given apiid and deploymentid cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   keep
truth:  get   deployment

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   utf-8
truth:  check   argument

test:  return a desired filenos .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  start the feature dialog from the feature .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  display   plucks
truth:  display   window

test:  opens and completely accordingly file .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  extracts data from a given directory and unzip it to a different file .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  removes a user from username or array-like .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  convert   backup
truth:  convert   properties

test:  clears the getipython mortem sequence for python 2 .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  remove   escaped
truth:  remove   post

test:  check if a file looks like a font artifact .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  the most of the most of the most recent values .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  return   clamp
truth:  return   area

test:  list all stacks permissions .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  checks that a test class passes none .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  remove   specifies
truth:  remove   methods

test:  the identity function for sinusoidal none .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator to create a command class .
truth: run setup . 
test:  run   demonstrates
truth:  run   setup

test:  apply str to a python instance .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  get equation for rectangular radius .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get an integration for a given apiid and deploymentid cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   unserialize
truth:  get   integration

test:  parse a key cli example: .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  return the checksum of a sequence .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  returns   brings
truth:  returns   checksum

test:  return length of utf-8 encoded in bytes note: the length of correspondent utf-8 .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return the median mean of the values .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  calculate   renders
truth:  calculate   series

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  returns a list of the tests for all tests in a test suite .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   browse
truth:  returns   testsuite

test:  wrap a function with a single wrapper around concludes .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  load the string for inclusion in a natural header .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  traverse stats into a form of tags .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  return the average clustering of the bipartite clustering coefficient .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  the text before and after a combined zip .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  introduce   sign
truth:  introduce   pair

test:  submit a three challenge to the recaptcha challenge .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  remove a github member from a team with team_name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  removes   archive
truth:  removes   member

test:  disassociate all compute ips from host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  check that the redshift methods of models are equal .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file in read only open file .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  deserialize any stream or stream like object into a python data structure .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  clean out a path path from its canonical path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  make   define
truth:  make   path

test:  field_type : file_input newline | file_input stmt | program .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  returns the number of ways that will be read from the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  appends dbutils to the default settings .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  displays   unrooted
truth:  displays   differences

test:  convert an iterable of sdm to a fixed-spline vector .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  stream info from retention stream .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  decrease   standardises
truth:  decrease   period

test:  add two inputs to the node .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  parses an application into the domain .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  parse   requesting
truth:  parse   i

test:  query all of the requestors users response .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  builds a mock that joins a translation and passes it on the test database .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  returns a filter file containing only images contained in file .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  filter   marks
truth:  filter   otus

test:  test context manager .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  upload a file .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a list of paths names for which match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  queries the given dict mapping from dict to dict .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pulls
truth:  pooling   null

test:  returns the path of the empty module .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  pulls   provide
truth:  pulls   provider

test:  matches pat for temporary dtype and return an iterator of all matches .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterates   ip
truth:  iterates   paths

test:  draw the monoms monoms .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  iterate over the default_log_levels of the command .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  evaluate python expression into .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  remove the specified request body from the request .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  it should find a given name by name .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  assert   safe_octal
truth:  assert   class

test:  read the value of a connect thread id .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   resolved
truth:  read   threads

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  execute a function .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns github url for given page .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  decorator for functions which are allowed to get recursive repr .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sorts a rating .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper for reading .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  creates a dictionary of next ids and give it with the like whitelist .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if modal .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  check   subscribed
truth:  check   configure

test:  determine r for a column .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  removes   convert
truth:  removes   sequences

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  pulls   go
truth:  pulls   channels

test:  dump all configuration variables .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  dump   freezing
truth:  dump   configuration

test:  returns a prime number of max bits that can be stored in nbits bits .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  write data from a stream to a file .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  write   takes
truth:  write   stream

test:  returns whether the given proxyname is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   customized
truth:  check   salt

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  export method to a png file format .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   grabs
truth:  export   png

test:  adds a new instance of the element to the flex .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   compiles
truth:  adds   suite

test:  convert force force or column in numpy .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   unsubscribe
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any upper case letters .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  pulls   flashes
truth:  pulls   characters

test:  convert a symbol into bits .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  compares two dictionaries .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  verify   s
truth:  verify   sets

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  reports daily weekday to servers .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  entry point for conversion process .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  build   created
truth:  build   mode

test:  test to ensure the most token works for proper proper epoch based on the provided url .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   decorates
truth:  test   web

test:  generate a permitted host info from a host .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  run a python command in a given subprocess .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  create a .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  tests that the in-db file is improved .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  try   unleash
truth:  try   store

test:  turn a list of allocations into a dict by a resource of resource provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  convert an image to a directory-like image .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  update   indicating
truth:  update   images

test:  extract a translations from a file of files .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  adds *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and removes the source as deleted controller .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  pulls   nose
truth:  pulls   prefix

test:  delete one or more model objects .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  open a file .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  provide objects for objects related to the provided ip .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  make   mignotte
truth:  make   things

test:  returns true if x is valid returns false if x is not a valid curve .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  is   listen
truth:  is   key

test:  return the result of the given dimension with the given dimension shapes shapes shapes .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  preprocess   overriding
truth:  preprocess   dimension

test:  generate a neighbor indicating the number of dim .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  test   dwindle
truth:  test   neighbor

test:  gets a list of all lengths .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  measure   confirmed
truth:  measure   length

test:  download the command and return its filename if it has a correct url download .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  build   small_stmts
truth:  build   line

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  decorator that optional prompt for readline is ok .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  requeue message(s) to init cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a nanrows is a scalar if it does not returns the number of votes the values of the nanrows .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   usage
truth:  remove   rows

test:  return path of central config file .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  this function detects the path for the git .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  launch   draft
truth:  launch   prompt

test:  create a fake cluster versioned cluster .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  decorator to add a view for requests that require that the revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns a dataset which can be used with the given fileobjs .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  collects a transformer field of name from the block xblock .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   flattening
truth:  collects   field

test:  test installing a nonexistent extra extra requirements doesnt exist on .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  add a url and full path from request link .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  returns a user model instance from a django .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  build master controller_args .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   rounding
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with random input .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  handler for getting enrollment for a given user .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  signal   selecting
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is subclass of enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  initializes all applications .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  forces   blurred
truth:  forces   applications

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  construct a mounted attributes .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  return true if the graph g is a set of edge cover .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  adds a plugin translations to the given file .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  error checking for routines that return strings .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  deprecated: sort of the elements in an array .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  load a module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return true if arg is the .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve the first kind of the tx for the given caller hash .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  create a task of color instances .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  display a commit .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  show   disappear
truth:  show   commit

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check if the given package is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  call to specifying specifying a brew command .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  returns all items sentiment as a list .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  rank   connect
truth:  rank   entities

test:  remove a license from the specified raid license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   rebuild
truth:  remove   license

test:  compute the indefinite sum of f(x) and g .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  execute a command .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  polynomial pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   superimposes
truth:  returns   quotient

test:  clean the url .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  resets a monitor exception .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get path to standard home directory .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  return the module in an object .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  make a file with given arguments .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  make   labeled
truth:  make   file

test:  test when matplotlib file has field .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  error   capturing
truth:  error   error

test:  returns a sample of sample identifiers from a population .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  call the sitemap for the sitemap messages .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  takes a list of changes and returns a changes of changes .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  get   loads
truth:  get   changes

test:  returns the current time in seconds with the epoch .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  dummy wrapper for help .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  identify   switch
truth:  identify   list

test:  convert a mobius interval to a mobius transform .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   labels
truth:  convert   transform

test:  decorator to industry:(%) a function .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  mark   casting
truth:  mark   coverage

test:  like backticks .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  handle   rearranges
truth:  handle   import

test:  permanently delete a health lb lb .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   fake
truth:  delete   load

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  requests an attribute list listname .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  compute theano logp on a plus gradient .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a link with an anonymous representation of the given tag .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  get   turning
truth:  get   posts

test:  task intended to be re-execute .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   strips
truth:  extract   changelog

test:  return an internal path of the features in the given directory .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  used   resample
truth:  used   directories

test:  return power tuple x <= t^ 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   contributed
truth:  return   t

test:  return the grade histogram of the given module .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  print   organize
truth:  print   histogram

test:  returns "dir" or "file" according to what type path is .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   introduce
truth:  returns   l

test:  return a list of resource identifiers for the specified vms cli example: .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  a context manager that silences stderr output to stderr .
truth: override sys . 
test:  override   inputhook
truth:  override   sys

test:  get the root versions of a script .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  return a fixed frequency datetime index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   matching
truth:  return   timedelta

test:  find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  in a case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  return true if the given value is not equal to the same 0 .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  given a list .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   specifies
truth:  stubs   methods

test:  replace the matched xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   autoencoder
truth:  replace   xml

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  makes   crop
truth:  makes   directory

test:  returns the username of a process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  apply all features fields within a forward structure .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  replace   homebrew_packages
truth:  replace   structure

test:  returns the required jdk of the system .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  returns   searching
truth:  returns   architecture

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  clear cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  opens and reads a file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns whether the super flag is super .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  set up a simple worker server .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  pulls   deallocate
truth:  pulls   worker

test:  read metamorph stk uic1tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  decorator to return a logs .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  locate a file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  if the bundle structure is flat .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  utility function to alter an column .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  alter   mutate
truth:  alter   column

test:  raises frappe .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  this function is called when a boto database/ database/ was previously used .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  default   enumerates
truth:  default   protocol

test:  returns the plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  generate discovery docs .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   wheather
truth:  generate   library

test:  write to the last changes .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   build
truth:  check   conf

test:  get vector3 by dictionary .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   failing
truth:  decorate   style

test:  return a list of the version .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   poll
truth:  return   versions

test:  returns a random url-safe of a random votable_ text .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  confine this module to rhel/fedora based distros .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  return the filename in the given filename: filename .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  ensure that the document is created when .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  get the list of keys from the datastore .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  returns a udp revision of a function .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  gets   stored
truth:  gets   #

test:  returns description of a field in introspector .
truth: given a field . 
test:  given   flattening
truth:  given   field

test:  creates a cloud image .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  creates   offset
truth:  creates   parameters

test:  rgb to rgb color space conversion .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  short   identified
truth:  short   rgb

test:  get the current device name .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  reads the grains .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  register new access role .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  given a utf8 message string .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns the number of bytes required to hold a specific long number .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  function   distribute
truth:  function   proxy

test:  read names into a namedtuple file .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   identifies
truth:  pick   plugin

test:  return an entry from a dict .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  build   safe_octal
truth:  build   class

test:  get respective notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  get   supplied
truth:  get   api

test:  nicer pt-br on a binary file .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  make   categorize
truth:  make   read

test:  return a locale from a locale class by either removing simple dtypes .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  convert a timeseries to a numpy float .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create the megam megam library for the given named megam .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  configure   paging
truth:  configure   interface

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  downloads setuptools from pypi and produces a correct version that is available .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  download   unsqueezing
truth:  download   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system operating system and the input .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   safe_octal
truth:  function   class

test:  ensure that the function is called before a function .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  regression test for regular fails if the regexp is not set .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  tests   sums
truth:  tests   expression

test:  serialize value into a string representation of the given type .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  serializes   format
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  returns a string containing the validation results for validation .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  limit   prioritized
truth:  limit   messages

test:  parse the location line and return a message .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  add specific user to a list .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  returns a dictionary mapping dependencies of the given dict .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  generator to return the source lines from a file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  add a class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  add   safe_octal
truth:  add   class

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty dict if not installed .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  helper function to flatten units that allows units to be sensible pairs .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  plot a wtforms .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  interpret   fitnesse
truth:  interpret   events

test:  check to make sure the default status_id works as expected .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send a message to a flocker logging .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  save denominators for normality .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must not yet encoded roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert string into an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  run html tidy with minimal settings .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  return all descendants of source in g .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  print a corresponding element if found .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  prints   rows

test:  tell specifyshape .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  build a client to the google cloud natural language api .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  recursively unpack data with a different hash .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  example: when i run "behave .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   evpn
truth:  removes   schema

test:  when a single html tag != != to a class .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  creates   gzip
truth:  creates   markup

test:  scan a smtpd log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  given a valid vpc table .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  get eol characters .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  get   flashes
truth:  get   characters

test:  register models and create properties .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   backup
truth:  register   properties

test:  require a process to be installed on a package .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  check if the provided key is can be parsed correctly .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  calculate md5sum of a md5 hash of a file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  decorator for multilines asint .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  gets the template string with the given obj and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  cast a dtype to a cast .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  parse an 8601 formatted string from a datetime object .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  attempts   shared
truth:  attempts   string

test:  convert an integer from network or integer to host .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  deletes a specific problem .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  iterate all entries and popular entries .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  see   code
truth:  see   logger

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  set the password for a password .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  bootstrap a vm container .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a user .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  get the first args from a function call .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  returns a list of the drop index sql statements for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  construct an image from a list of feature config .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  prepare   enhanced
truth:  prepare   object

test:  click click onclick .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  handle   submits
truth:  handle   navigation

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  docstring for the line numbers that are digits .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  return   dataframe
truth:  return   comments

test:  strips indentation and return the indentation level .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  convert degrees in seconds to dms .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  return   speed
truth:  return   minutes

test:  validates that the given validator can be used in the given validator .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   protects
truth:  validate   args

test:  water basins restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  returns data from the json file .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  verifies if the given locale is an unicode string .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  delete asset of environment .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  del   notes
truth:  del   asset

test:  return a table of all groups and the groups .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   paste
truth:  return   containers

test:  publish a user .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  publish   bring
truth:  publish   page

test:  this is the bracket function .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  setup the generic webos tv platform .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   represents
truth:  setup   radio

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   download
truth:  convert   coordinate

test:  return a commented form of a line .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  normalizes a string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  find missing children of node that satisfy the last children .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   banned
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   attribute
truth:  insert   statements

test:  clean up a zip file .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  makes a map of encoding from an encoding dict .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  creates   quotes
truth:  creates   map

test:  blend a palette with colors .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns list of all modules from sys .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a list of mappings and an optional containers .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  choose the loglikelihood of .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  get the attribute of an object .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  this function is used to make a special plot .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  draw   close
truth:  draw   graphs

test:  deletes the surface .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  copy a source and its modification times .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   obfuscate
truth:  copy   tokens

test:  crop the image against a series of left side .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  update the timeline for the given doctype .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  unregister a previously registered class alias .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  parse a file of a chunk of biopython .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a list with ids of all collections that the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  find and find all system plugins in the given system .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  return   interpolated
truth:  return   plugins

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   labeled
truth:  append   file

test:  solves dn and text2 criteria .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  function   export
truth:  function   tuple

test:  return a list of calls calls to only filter .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  determine if the object is an integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  create a multivariate crossover with a multivariate crossover distribution .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  generate   subprojects
truth:  generate   multivariate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  retrieve all quotas associated with a given resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  create a new decorator for the decorated function .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  creates a new request to the given wsgi request .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  agree down the current file .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  make   forgets
truth:  make   filesystem

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  compute polar spline a cost matrix .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a l{natmapper} mapper instance for the specified device .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  returns   prefix
truth:  returns   deferred

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  install flocker cluster on a package .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  implement a polynomial of .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  returns a string of whether the values length is greater than the argument .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   pocsuite
truth:  return   n

test:  asserts that all emails present in the email .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  clear   lettuce
truth:  clear   emails

test:  remove a given jacket from the system .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return true if the migrage of a bytes bluetooth into unicode string .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  detect   labeled
truth:  detect   file

test:  like json .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  display information about the private membership from the repository .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   integrityerror
truth:  list   repositories

test:  returns true if the user is masquerading to view the course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  a create a requests response .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  pulls   barcodes
truth:  pulls   http

test:  validate that the path from an eip header is well .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  runs a decorator to direct_abstract_declarator times .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  perform deseq2 negative binomial wald differential abundance test on a raw abundance otu matrix .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  returns multivariate representation of a container .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  convert   satisfy
truth:  convert   container

test:  run a defined command .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  compute the mckean-schrader for a binary angle between 2 and angle .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  convert   file
truth:  convert   rotation

test:  return server information about a postgres user .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns a dict that is an oxml of json .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  find the full dotted package with a given path .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  create   consisting
truth:  create   link

test:  a helper function which returns exception webob exception if an exception occurs .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  dimension a gcode file or text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  limit   labeled
truth:  limit   file

test:  return a dictionary with keys of the dictionary .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  build a certain page to build .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  build   been
truth:  build   format

test:  run a kapacitor service with the given mime distribution .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   pulls
truth:  join   null

test:  add nova function to be passed in for consistent .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  patch   enabled
truth:  patch   nova

test:  return the checksum of the current thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   brings
truth:  return   checksum

test:  install the zipextimporter .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  start a scheduled command .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  mark   uploading
truth:  mark   job

test:  get the nma notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  return a boolean indicating if obj is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  setup the graphite .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  takes a single string and returns a a a list of expected values .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   optdict
truth:  parse   lines

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  destroy a machine by name .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   stores
truth:  destroy   name

test:  returns multiple networks for this company .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  decorator that allow you to db methods in successive methods .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the currently active locale as a tzinfo instance .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  reports with a sound .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  return a format string for printing the given format type .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  helper function to allow querying course fields to ccx .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  ensure images in summary of random values .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   import
truth:  test   summary

test:  apphook a new communication .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  take a pattern and all regular expressions .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  disable all sequences of a sql sequences .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  drop   pulls
truth:  drop   null

test:  a blank line .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test if the query but the query the precomputed rule is the same as the query .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  context manager which changes the correct translation language for all code inside the following block .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  activate   interpolates
truth:  activate   lang

test:  show a small warning with an ok message .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  format a file output format .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  gets   been
truth:  gets   format

test:  returns a multi-index object for the given version of a namedtuple .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  parse a c engine into its component parts .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  in case filepath is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  pulls   tokenizing
truth:  pulls   filepath

test:  fetch the target class .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  get   coupling
truth:  get   target

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  yaml: physical_constants constitute a similar to support .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  drop   weblate
truth:  drop   references

test:  move items matching query into lib .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  moves   enhance
truth:  moves   items

test:  recursively matches all matching glob from the given patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get the subj for a specific certificate .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  given   producing
truth:  given   certificate

test:  retrieve all assets certificate objects for this project .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  depreciate   proxying
truth:  depreciate   assets

test:  change the hexbin function .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns the version of the specified executable .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  only work on macos .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  return the intersection of all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  test the data for a specific resource .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  ensure testing mode is enabled in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  ensure   created
truth:  ensure   mode

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  run a single command on a remote host .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  removes   disconnecting
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  copies a file path to an s3 bucket .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  create a model instance from a query response .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  takes   xlsx
truth:  takes   query

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find a deque of the current list of bricks .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  walk   examine
truth:  walk   brick

test:  list and return a list of volumes .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  get the current computer description :return: returns the computer description if found .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  packs a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  print the current authors .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   made
truth:  print   authors

test:  internal resource sample .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  calls   specifies
truth:  calls   methods

test:  returns true if a process with pid is running .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  check   prettify
truth:  check   process

test:  retry a function to referenced after it is executed .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  try   flask
truth:  try   times

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers if functions _exithandlers is traversed in any functions thrown will be executed in reverse order so functions .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   constrained
truth:  run   functions

test:  setup the direc platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  compute the pairwise distances between x and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  disable signal .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  blocks   terminate
truth:  blocks   password

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  return a list containing the given pattern to a list .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  simple function to return if host is smartos or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  build a path from the package paths into a single path .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the rest policy for an http policy .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  gets the given user_id_or_name by an id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  returns a dict of the tool shed is found on a tool .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  make sure the statusbar is cleared properly .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  read variable definitions from all successful nodes .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   clones
truth:  read   server

test:  works like unicode/str/bytes .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  remove   hides
truth:  remove   pointer

test:  return true if the task has custom attr .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  initializes the attributes .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve iscsi command from iscsi .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   implement
truth:  get   sessions

test:  this method returns a list of arguments for the first from an keys/directions unit things .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  multiply a theano matrix to construct a numpy ndarray .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  djangos   pulls
truth:  djangos   null

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   store
truth:  estimate   memory

test:  encrypt a xenserver using key .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  tickets view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  ordered   usage_key_string
truth:  ordered   view

test:  returns true if github exists in github .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  attempt   thinks
truth:  attempt   issue

test:  helper function to retrieve the grains from an abstractrpcserver .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  helper to define a blaze expression .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  pulls   pending
truth:  pulls   default

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  decrypt   supports
truth:  decrypt   text

test:  copy keys from dictionary to str .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return an open mode with the correct locale mode .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  helper function to get an grains from the proxied device .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  function   undo
truth:  function   grains

test:  generate a unique id of label .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   evpn
truth:  format   schema

test:  compute a plot of the plot a given frequency plot .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  calculate   ban
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  give a list of page where the user has add or the template context .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  returns a string with the current default style type for a menu .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  vae allows samples as a samples .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allows   declared
truth:  allows   samples

test:  multi-class categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  cross   feed
truth:  cross   entropy

test:  import a python module by name .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  pulls   rearranges
truth:  pulls   import

test:  build a template from a series of tasks .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  build   storing
truth:  build   template

test:  copy a pair of little-endian and destination .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  tests for valid units .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  detach a new process in an amazon web environment .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   initializes
truth:  detach   program

test:  push joined .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  remove unused images in the reverse cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  remove   squeezing
truth:  remove   uuid

test:  return one or more grains from the specified attributes cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   undo
truth:  return   grains

test:  decorator to add a docstrings to docstrings of all @override methods .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  pulls   call
truth:  pulls   docstrings

test:  this function returns the first conversions keys in an second registry .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  enumerates   pulls
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  return the reference to the given object .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  like ones_like .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  format a task ref for consumption outside of instructortask .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   mount
truth:  format   task

test:  move to the text of the current line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  kill   incorporate
truth:  kill   cursor

test:  a decorator for getting a function for each method .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  attaches   located
truth:  attaches   method

test:  ensure that the old rss will be rainbow .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  limit   store
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a callback for a given project and multi to a python object obj .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  return xprotect_reports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  removes the end of the string node in the string node .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   forwards
truth:  preprocesses   image

test:  yaml: html this plugin introduces a build .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  pulls   cool
truth:  pulls   publisher

test:  get gear path output .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  compute a simple endpoint for english .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  compute   randomise
truth:  compute   message

test:  clears the screen .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  hack   parsefile
truth:  hack   descriptor

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   derive
truth:  initialize   templates

test:  register a function to be executed when attempting to update an existing code .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  adds   assures
truth:  adds   none

test:  take a javascript string and return a python list of javascript codes .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  js   pulls
truth:  js   null

test:  migrate database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  writes a binary string to a file .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  log a message .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  if there is a list of filepaths that will be modified .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  list action options .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  blocks a table to determine if a temporary agent attribute should be built .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  return a dict of the locale languages .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  get the corners points of the loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parses the command line in a script .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  handle   initializes
truth:  handle   program

test:  verify new-style class new-style new-style class should also stores new-style .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the minions data from the function join a specific minion .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  load html file from a data set .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  checks   captures
truth:  checks   w

test:  make a list of datasets datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  make   signal
truth:  make   datasets

test:  runs the command and throws output if it fails .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  returns true if expr is in the nnf .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  checks   craft
truth:  checks   expr

test:  parses a configuration file as a dictionary .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  requests specific privacy list listname .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  deletes   switch
truth:  deletes   list

test:  computes the list of relation subnets .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  checks   undoes
truth:  checks   routes

test:  given a step definition .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  use the log of the traceback traceback to log .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   shed
truth:  log   exception

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  extract a tag from a dictionary of result values .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the list of the sites of a group .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  returns a path to the plot modules containing the path to the directory that contains .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  determines if certificate is a san .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  determines   producing
truth:  determines   certificate

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  returns the status for a course .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  elementwise hinge function .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  parse a single sentence from a string or unicode string .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  test that sampclient can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all vms ids cli example: .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create an existing bucket .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  trying   enters
truth:  trying   bucket

test:  update collections subscribers .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   revoke
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   listen
truth:  derive   key

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  pulls   warn
truth:  pulls   photos

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  for a given query .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  removes keychain_items / or hosts from providers .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  returns   prefilled
truth:  returns   hosts

test:  get open meta for given doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  pickle and allocate a pickle file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   directed
truth:  get   delay

test:  return the argument name of a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  find   instantiate
truth:  find   arguments

test:  computes nodes and weights for beta distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   unescapes
truth:  computes   rule

test:  convert a single string representation of plain text into the given group if possible .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  yield   obfuscate
truth:  yield   tokens

test:  returns an iterator over the frames of a socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  returns   goes
truth:  returns   frames

test:  convert an image to a last image .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  kill a process and all of its children .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  identify   explode
truth:  identify   processes

test:  provides a list of the currently logged-in key can be destination .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get the stroke radius .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  inserts a new query record .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   clip
truth:  inserts   record

test:  return an edxnotes client for the provided credentials .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  make sure that integers are valid expressions .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   parameterize
truth:  make   integers

test:  convert a value into a native string for matching with a query .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  computes the validate b_wien .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  format an http representation of datetime object .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  context manager to catch the given exception and save it as reraise .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  save   shed
truth:  save   exception

test:  creates an open file dialog and returns a list of filenames .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   logged
truth:  creates   dialog

test:  subroutine to create a canvas canvas .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  pulls   puts
truth:  pulls   canvas

test:  language: zh-tw -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given an argument node .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  transform linear loglikelihood to binomial and variance .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  finds   displayed
truth:  finds   sigma

test:  complete an authentication challenge .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  generate   install
truth:  generate   response

test:  determines the first processors of the rules policy .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set the set selections of windows via windows .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  ensure a pagerduty resource exists .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  pulls   negate
truth:  pulls   resource

test:  send email to inform observers about template rendering .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  check if a particular ip version is lies .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  returns the ending line for a given endings .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  retrieve   small_stmts
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  installs the crispy_forms_tags function for a patch .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  installs   belong
truth:  installs   hook

test:  return a path for storing [ .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  drop models to database .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   lcmv
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get all urls linked to a relase .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  if the environment variable w3af_processes is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  pulls   unquoting
truth:  pulls   environment

test:  override and update default values for keystone .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  internal helper function to lookup a short encoding .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  given   square
truth:  given   figures

test:  write the optimizer .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  writes   switch
truth:  writes   list

test:  capitalized capitalized .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  doing   overlap
truth:  doing   encode

test:  decode a bson timestamp to python source space .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   childnodes
truth:  decode   timestamp

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   piercing
truth:  takes   article

test:  check if user is before we have ckan to ckan .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  logs user logout .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  [--yes] of parsing abs .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  find a file or directory name from src to dst .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  return rate per second from diff of cur_time - last_update .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  retrieve info about all project names for a given project .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  gets   serves
truth:  gets   roles

test:  see uniform filter for rotation matrix .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  process image .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   forwards
truth:  process   image

test:  returns the url to the root of the module .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  which ordereddict the provided throttle is longer than the given throttle .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   d

test:  returns a blockdevice_id representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   debugging
truth:  returns   dataset

test:  lookup all of the command .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  lookup   authorizes
truth:  lookup   command

test:  only load if the layman module is linux .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  provides   constrained
truth:  provides   functions

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core with insert connect into rows .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  creates a new absolute request for the specified view .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  publish set or published pages and return a list of user ids .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  delete an existing group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims from a ruby .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  creates a list of files .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a module if it exists .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  checks if given certificate is a certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  return a dict with info from a given role and optional permissions .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  returns   serves
truth:  returns   roles

test:  return a dict with a single episode .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   instanticates
truth:  return   releases

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  user tries to get summary without shipping method - if is redirected to summary .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   import
truth:  tries   summary

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  call   tell
truth:  call   signature

test:  find the boundaries in a boundaries .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  mm enquiry section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  creates a histogram of two fastq records for each fastq .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  makes   labeled
truth:  makes   file

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  update user from basket in basket .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  update   lits
truth:  update   basket

test:  return a list of unique elements .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  normalize an xri object allowing comparison of xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  return true if w is a dyadic .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the json-encodes .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  document   pulls
truth:  document   null

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   rescales
truth:  notify   event

test:  get a list of the locales that uploaded files for all translations translations to their photo .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  load   changes
truth:  load   languages

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns a option to the value for the given value .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  selects   uncheck
truth:  selects   element

test:  given a module .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  import   transliterate
truth:  import   variable

test:  logs a single line of the log .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  compute the degree of f and list of degrees .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  get information about the odbc odbc .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  the generic format function to ensure the right format correctly .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  set cached content to the cached content .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  stores   darken
truth:  stores   piece

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   del
truth:  feed   gcode

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  apply the intersection of a series into a single range of each dataframe .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  correlation   pandas
truth:  correlation   columns

test:  creates a query to filter documents .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  the power between *x* and *y* .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   unshares
truth:  compute   density

test:  remove a user from the ms service .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   uploading
truth:  remove   job

test:  retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   stands
truth:  retrieves   rights

test:  load and return parameters from a file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  loads   exposes
truth:  loads   values

test:  a decorator for connecting handlers .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  test if cache is deactivated in private-browsing mode .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  insert   eliminating
truth:  insert   cache

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the first element of the series method is farther than three every hour .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  read a signed 16-bit integer .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  builds a new paste contents of a paste paste .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  creates   orphaned
truth:  creates   paste

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  provides standard html string .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  add to our handlers .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  registers   advised
truth:  registers   commands

test:  publish liveaction into the right set of endian .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  marks   pinned_array
truth:  marks   execution

test:  returns true if the given user is masquerading as belonging to the course .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  return error message from an error .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  creates   shed
truth:  creates   exception

test:  display a list of available review .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  displays   knapsack
truth:  displays   request

test:  encode the given c{unicode} string using the encoder .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  list all the columns that will be created .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  set the value of the mask for the current channel .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   blend
truth:  set   mask

test:  this function is designed to check if coverage has been added .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  checks   indicating
truth:  checks   images

test:  get the number of tracks .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   establishes
truth:  release   streams

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  test help command status code .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  create an image .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  create   stderr
truth:  create   machine

test:  wait to see table dropped .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  wait   flattens
truth:  wait   output

test:  returns an httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  restart the windows service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  try to dbfield .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  try   compress
truth:  try   db

test:  view to reset over post .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  attempts   terminate
truth:  attempts   password

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  tries to "guess" a time n of a sequence of n elements .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  detects   stream
truth:  detects   returns

test:  add win_dns_client cage .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  enable unattended completion and create a tab .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  enables   gzipped
truth:  enables   completion

test:  check to see if all of a certain finder is written to be changed .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  returns   unlocking
truth:  returns   source

test:  extracts the size in human size into a cluster .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   analyzes
truth:  extract   size

test:  check fit a single fit category .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  check   fileformat
truth:  check   self

test:  net factor one or several scalars xmin .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  reverse function to safecharencode .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  base : base piece of cook .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  return the number of bits required to evaluate a specific string .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  return a checksum digest for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   contrasts
truth:  return   digest

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  update an item if event_id is created .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   pushing
truth:  updates   model

test:  gzip encoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  ensure that a dataset is purge .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  purge   debugging
truth:  purge   dataset

test:  extracts a python code from a function from a function or looking for bootloader .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  check to see if the password matches the given hashed password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  return true if the current request was indexing .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  was   cause
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  return a formatted refs for the output of a graph .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  write a salt tool from a salt tool .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  redirect   assign
truth:  redirect   requests

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob id .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on a tv array of inputs .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  turn a list of pairs into unicode and tuples .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  given   authorizes
truth:  given   command

test:  like spellchecker .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  courses hours controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  accepts a string as a file or as a part of a pair .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  shortcut   storing
truth:  shortcut   template

test:  get the version of the impl specification .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  return a data object .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  an expression for the parallel :class:context function .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  creates a opt parser to set of command line options .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  return a generator that yields the ims fonts .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  a decorator which can be used on a specific field .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  recursive function to convert document or list into transitive document .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  convert relative luminance to two-dimensional array .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return a join join classes from source .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  parse a us format seconds since epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  statement : run newline | list newline | new newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  string = int2ap return num converted to a string using characters from the set a .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert string into bool values for boolean value .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  same as a is b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  add a prefix to the api .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  function   compose
truth:  function   usage

test:  read ctc tree .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  retrieves the operations and run a new job with the given job .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based in new_x and y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  interpolates   exposes
truth:  interpolates   values

test:  compile * .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  compile   allocate
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   dtype
truth:  adds   arg

test:  return the values of the configuration file .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  just prevent a similar to the mac binary we have a sigmoid .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  sets   crop
truth:  sets   directory

test:  project users form view and form view .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   generate
truth:  project   users

test:  emits a setting changed event for the specified event .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  returns a dynamically which is used for break .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  default   centers
truth:  default   labels

test:  returns the msvs warning .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  data:  .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  copy a param to the most master code .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  negates a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  performs   highlight
truth:  performs   row

test:  load this from a config file .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  like   enters
truth:  like   bucket

test:  ensure that the specified service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  removes the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  returns a dict that represents the given method in a dictionary .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  pads   specifies
truth:  pads   methods

test:  scan a certain scan of interesting tasks .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  retrieve   decorating
truth:  retrieve   log

test:  inserts a file or a folder .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate the number of 0else padding .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   visit
truth:  returns   padding

test:  create a guess of the type of the field definition .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  tries   flattening
truth:  tries   field

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  convert present to a python int .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  presents   allocate
truth:  presents   user

test:  preprocesses tensorflow image .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  crops   forwards
truth:  crops   image

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  listen for events .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  create an trans from a current tar server and writes it to the provided saltenv .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepares   denotes
truth:  prepares   tarball

test:  set a service in down state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   preloading
truth:  set   host

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  yields   chisquare
truth:  yields   tuples

test:  sets x .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for the project .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  load   deflate
truth:  load   config

test:  returns the sum .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  function   landing
truth:  function   sum

test:  return the codec name corresponding to an encoding name .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  reads a double image .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  is   sparks
truth:  is   number

test:  returns a random string of pem for the given pem .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  convert   importing
truth:  convert   pem

test:  load the module .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  create   crack
truth:  create   _

test:  take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   persists
truth:  take   subsequence

test:  keyword spacing before comments .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   expired
truth:  retain   spacing

test:  returns a generator that starts tokens by default .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  turn   aliased
truth:  turn   json

test:  quick information about core .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  label on a metric .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  takes   export
truth:  takes   tuple

test:  splits a string into multiple collections .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  remove the specified service .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  run a command banner .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  returns   modifies
truth:  returns   cmd

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   serializing
truth:  determines   setting

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  yields all testsuites .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  return subgraph communicability of the graph .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  add an object to a different row and fills it .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return a nagios-appropriate .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  from bug 6 .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  issue   wrapping
truth:  issue   handle

test:  show all games for a given week .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the version string for the rtd .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  prints the given clsid .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  rebuild   eliminating
truth:  rebuild   cache

test:  returns the descendants of the node in the given node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  get for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   forgot
truth:  get   project

test:  import an area under the shared curve curve .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write a 2d numpy array to a file in ascii format parameters dirname : dask array of the feature matrix .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  load   expected
truth:  load   stack

test:  validate a series of the functions of a series of second-order sections .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read markup from executing from numa maps file .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  functional test program .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a city for a city .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the user id .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  a sequence of the sequence of the uniquely function .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  run the cache entry under the cache entry .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  return the know know defined in the api .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  return effective debug level .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  is   port
truth:  is   helper

test:  helper function to connect to an http request and returns an incomplete .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of pipeline names from a list of master .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  gets   review
truth:  gets   keys

test:  returns all possible pairs in a recursive .
truth: s: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  this function returns the cluster can be used to delete a cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  return information on the server .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  parse in the mailitemproperty from the xml definition .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  same as a lstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  apply each entry in the source .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  maps   building
truth:  maps   tag

test:  compatibility helper function to create the gzip file .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  ensure the rabbitmq virtual host is absent name vhost of the virtual host to remove runas user under windows .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   holding
truth:  ensure   policy

test:  repeatedly applies the center of the normal spline .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  compute   rescanning
truth:  compute   weights

test:  list all the kb requests required for a given request .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  loads a physical unit mapping .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  given   throttle
truth:  given   unit

test:  open url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  return a record for domain of the source code .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  decode a file into internal file with the given values .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns a carrier number for the keys that are valid .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  managed() two strings .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  turn   hop
truth:  turn   newlines

test:  initialize the module globals for the given settings .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  initialize   solve
truth:  initialize   settings

test:  the value of the message from the clear all of its subdirectories .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  get   stubbed
truth:  get   headers

test:  validate that the value of confvar is over an existent error .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   published
truth:  validate   thrift

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  the inverse of the keystr function .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  returns true if the github user is a valid one .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  returns   res
truth:  returns   success

test:  take a string as an equations .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  check   clustered
truth:  check   equations

test:  check if the last strings of empty strings is initialized .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  creates   gauss
truth:  creates   strings

test:  represent an excel representation of a string .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get the deployment_config_file notification service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  retrieves all consistency groups in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  computes the list of weighted values for a list of list of return_to values .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  weighted   populates
truth:  weighted   params

test:  get container diffs container container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  port   tile
truth:  port   information

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  returns the maximum of the maximum along an axis ignoring nan .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   echo
truth:  returns   minimum

test:  init_declarator : init_declarator .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a pandas-intelligible string to an integer .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flip the tree with the given node .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  flips   configured
truth:  flips   tree

test:  mean absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  mean   reported
truth:  mean   function

test:  considering the jaccard coefficient of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  this method converts an error code into a string .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a wrapper for adding terms to individual mapping file .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  merge   presents
truth:  merge   mapping

test:  back up a few database database .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  let   allocate
truth:  let   user

test:  create a superlative interface for an interface .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  deconstructs and returns the correct file path if it exists .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a list of sample networks .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   preprocess
truth:  get   networks

test:  find the corresponding operator that started a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  create a template library instance .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  return   signs
truth:  return   display

test:  ensure that a database can be created .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  calculates packets markers at layer 2 .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  calculates   brings
truth:  calculates   checksum

test:  test recovery sensor positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  validate a google validation .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  check   simulating
truth:  check   input

test:  returns the reference domain domain currently active .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  return the induced induced of a induced graph .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  returns an import-hook representation of the bank .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  parses the connection connection signature into a dict .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  parses   trivial
truth:  parses   connection

test:  format a file using subscription on a node .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  format   rescales
truth:  format   event

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  test installing current directory ( .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  test   crop
truth:  test   directory

test:  return a list of old lists of old values .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  generates   asserts
truth:  generates   diff

test:  return a list of the running services cli example: .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  lists   paste
truth:  lists   containers

test:  create custom language for all loaded configuration changes .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  enable   pending
truth:  enable   default

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  decorator to return a function that automatically used to public type .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  return the line number of the given node .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   rfc
truth:  formats   distance

test:  attempts to parse a list of fields to a list of bad values .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  find a given path in the given path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  configure the data for a specific attribute .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the meta of the questions in the db .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  pulls   escaping
truth:  pulls   doctype

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  set remote remote url to frappe official .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  set   access
truth:  set   url

test:  query a 303 .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  redirect   prioritized
truth:  redirect   messages

test:  return xattr_where_from information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  release manylinux .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  returns a sample class of groups: groups: groups: groups: compared to an array of xy values .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  sample   bench
truth:  sample   value

test:  validate a google storage bucket name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  validates   stores
truth:  validates   name

test:  returns a string representing a key .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   plucks
truth:  launch   window

test:  compute polynomial cofactors in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   compounded
truth:  compute   gcd

test:  this should return the channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  gives   coil
truth:  gives   ability

test:  parse the cached conf .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this is a reassemble function and be used to add the metadata for other plugins .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  add   doing
truth:  add   annotations

test:  given a sequence of :class:path objects .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  a python object or unicode string which handles top-level .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  pulls   limit
truth:  pulls   decode

test:  shrink of a tensor by : the first derivative of x and w .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  returns the _internal_ counter that has cart .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  approximation to approximation .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  runs   flag
truth:  runs   sanity

test:  flatten a list .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   switch
truth:  flatten   list

test:  iterate over a stream .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  creates a new python server .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   offset
truth:  initialize   parameters

test:  setup the feedreader component .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the sample is given .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  test packagefinder case of links in incorrect .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  get or create a client for all requests .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a new follow_symlinks socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  freeze   define
truth:  freeze   path

test:  returns the top rated of the top rated below .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  issue #1150: .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   clearing
truth:  set   meta

test:  principal principal .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  pulls   beautifies
truth:  pulls   contrast

test:  load the configuration .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   listen
truth:  loads   key

test:  reads the uid and returns a file .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  are   augments
truth:  are   issues

test:  add tags to a resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   unpause
truth:  add   elasticache

test:  load pem/der .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  file   decorated
truth:  file   mime

test:  change the idle for the threads .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  determine if a hash fields exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  extract the verify the given attributes .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  parses a call and its groups .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   drops
truth:  parses   call

test:  this returns all the summary transformations that the courseware in the given course .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  compile the compiler architecture for a compiler .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  generates a random string .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  escape invalid characters starting with invalid characters .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  authentication complete process .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  complete   prettify
truth:  complete   process

test:  send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  serialize image as a permutation of the same length .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  subtracts   forwards
truth:  subtracts   image

test:  skirt the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  renders a wsgi response for a django-badger page .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  itemfield category view .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the named vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  remove   hostname
truth:  remove   vm

test:  returns a 3-tuple: .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   clones
truth:  create   server

test:  splits the datastore path into the datastore .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  rindex -> string return a copy of the string s with all occurrences of the corresponding sub .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  return the row of buttons .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  fixture which provides a root xml tag xml .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  xml   carry
truth:  xml   test

test:  convert test/train or more dictionaries .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  keep   mounts
truth:  keep   objects

test:  return an element with highest func score; tie goes to a method .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  creates an absolute reverse for reverse reverse hash .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  api to specify all repository of the sources and check the repository .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  enable   integrityerror
truth:  enable   repositories

test:  display a login redirect to the user .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  writes   access
truth:  writes   url

test:  parser for a semidefinite function .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   intrepret
truth:  plots   pdf

test:  covariance matrix robust covariance matrix assumes we have a groupsum matrix applied with consecutive .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dry clip .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  update   responds
truth:  update   database

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  this function takes a list .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  - list .
truth: path  . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  requests a user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  register   allocate
truth:  register   user

test:  puts() shouldnt output without a stream .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  quick utility to transform a full command to transform a list of events .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx source .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   unlocking
truth:  tokenize   source

test:  gets node registration was registered from .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   complete
truth:  gets   registration

test:  replace one or more sequence of a sequence of expressions .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  try   put
truth:  try   rules

test:  use this function to filter .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  remove   duplicates
truth:  remove   symbol

test:  computes a 1d convolution of the definite distribution parameters x1 : array the activation of the maxima of the distance between the maxima and *y* .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  a template that defines a positive tweetids entry for each qcolor .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  generate a tar file to disk .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  generate   cook
truth:  generate   ball

test:  disables an apache site from the site if it exists .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   handles
truth:  disable   site

test:  get the preferences thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  restful crud value for foreign key .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  resolve   teardown
truth:  resolve   type

test:  make sure every links is in the document .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   saves
truth:  replace   links

test:  return a uri version of the value .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  serialize   access
truth:  serialize   url

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  returns the version string to use for the env['$ .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  test to ensure the type correctly handles a type .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  decorator to apply the views only if the step is posted .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  create a new bookmark instance .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  this method helps the logged-in job of dataframe parameters needed by this format to write the data format .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  called   labeled
truth:  called   file

test:  exemplify repr (see also serialize and a single vector .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  serializes   pulls
truth:  serializes   null

test:  install a gravatar email .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  ask a question; return true if the answer is yes .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  loads the main body of the config .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  set a default ruby implementation to which the default ruby the default ruby the default ruby for which to set .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   disconnected
truth:  set   ruby

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  when the rule changes in the response is enabled .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  execute   unescapes
truth:  execute   rule

test:  verifies that the test is running .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  called by the servicetester fields to upstream_task_family .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  download a kernel from a filename .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return whether a request should be logged in .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  check   knapsack
truth:  check   request

test:  check if current family families is available .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  start the virtual server of the user .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  testing   belong
truth:  testing   hook

test:  calculate the mpd information criterion .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  return   facebook
truth:  return   pairwise

test:  save column order based on new order .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  set   pandas
truth:  set   columns

test:  test dipole dipole index .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  test %%prun .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  list the keys available cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to mark function as a test .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  given   duplicated
truth:  given   inference

test:  check for azure configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   support
truth:  plot   time

test:  reduce the ground domain of f from sympy .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   union
truth:  convert   domain

test:  return a path in a platform-neutral way .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  check for group of branches .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  ensure   decide
truth:  ensure   groups

test:  checks all of the exam method to complete an entrance exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   disconnect
truth:  pulls   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  match   assign
truth:  match   requests

test:  validates that value is a timeout in milliseconds .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   statsd
truth:  validates   timeout

test:  builds a bytearray from a token .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  compute the ''pad .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  separate a code and namespace blocks into the code .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  cache the key function to cache an object .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  tries to unify each dictionary of the two numbers .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  tries   exposes
truth:  tries   values

test:  this function is needed to fix a bug of the cluster that dont use the boundary of the previous column .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  modify a list of reorient starts with respect to a number of reorient .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  valid the service level .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  returns   grep
truth:  returns   formset

test:  calls daemontools .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one error .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  test that a list of hosts exists .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  seq1 and seq2 are either a sequence or numerix arrays .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  solves 1st order order homogeneous form u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  returns   decrypt
truth:  returns   solution

test:  get a vlan or physical driver .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return the text tag from a unicode tag .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read crop data .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   header
truth:  read   crop

test:  test tight_layout of the first axes in 2-d layout .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  return the list of files inside the given plugin path .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  compute m matrix .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  pulls   print
truth:  pulls   approximation

test:  parses a etags header which parses the etags enough tag and strong tag .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  load a file from disk .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   reverses
truth:  iterate   services

test:  create and return a cache .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   fortran
truth:  create   resolver

test:  read url and return the content as a unicode string .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  reads   aliased
truth:  reads   json

test:  exclude a celery application instance .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  configures   mutes
truth:  configures   app

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  get the directory of a file .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  test to make sure that signature is actually a signature attribute .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  validates maxstalenessseconds according to the value of a certificate request .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validates   choice
truth:  validates   formats

test:  compute the truncated cosine of a complex matrix .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  generates   support
truth:  generates   time

test:  returns a viewpoint dictionary for the given follower .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  deletes a module to a container .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  add a song song song .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   remove
truth:  add   history

test:  convert an iterable into a tuple of pairs .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  return a db cursor for reading .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   incorporate
truth:  return   cursor

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning and we add a scalar .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  process the uclust changes to latest information and changes to a dictionary of information .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  calls   storing
truth:  calls   template

test:  returns all featured featured references for the given instance .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  decorator for reduction stub and maximum functions .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   reported
truth:  attribute   function

test:  connect to s3 and download the expired environment variables .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  connect   starred
truth:  connect   s3

test:  read a unbounded unbounded column header with no unbounded .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  this method returns none if vrouter exists on the target name of the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  module   retrive
truth:  module   checks

test:  replaces instances like limit m .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  append   assume
truth:  append   header

test:  build a default gui environment .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the newline in the newline for a newline .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  converts a date string to a datetime object .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  return x minus the power of an array of pairs .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  return the disjoint graph for disjoint .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  checks whether a cert generation cert is enabled for the course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  check   control
truth:  check   generation

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   dispatch
truth:  multiply   operators

test:  wrap a query with one or more query .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  pulls   exempts
truth:  pulls   pseudo

test:  compute the readout for the given params .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  computes   support
truth:  computes   time

test:  internal function to import and return the finder .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  removes all users on the device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   freezing
truth:  removes   configuration

test:  capitalize matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  capitalize   supports
truth:  capitalize   text

test:  loads the .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  aux function .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  returns an instance of the distributed tree .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  store runtime-editable configuration value on the default value .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  copies   cause
truth:  copies   option

test:  makes a devices from a raid service .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  enable maintenance off a boolean .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  disable   created
truth:  disable   mode

test:  verify if data example is signed by a public certificate .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  checks   restoring
truth:  checks   data

test:  return the full url to the bootstrap theme with the given theme .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  write a trees in newick format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  tests whether a string with probability by a number of tokens .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  find the value of a start form field of a start line .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  set the number of digits and the offset .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   describes
truth:  set   offset

test:  convert hooks to hex .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  returns the path to a directory .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get files in a directory .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  test if a previously generated by the refcounts .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  run   flask
truth:  run   times

test:  create a requests of requests against a list of configuration .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  request   tracks
truth:  request   urls

test:  tests that :mod:numpy is only used when :mod:numpy rbrace to rois .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  run a module and retrieve a specific configuration .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  check for warnings .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get the full path of the current request .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  ensure that a virtualbox guest additions are stored .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   jitter
truth:  ensure   guest

test:  take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  provide   enhance
truth:  provide   items

test:  get a list of available config file .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  get a pointer by the next value .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given integers c .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   dst
truth:  given   c

test:  returns name .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  set movie play title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  convert a unit array of an array of matrices to a dense interval .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  to ensure that the named service will start .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  update daily average .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return the architecture from the architecture as a kvm .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  return a list of distance distribution objects for given directed or ubus .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  get   scours
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   splitting
truth:  chop   surface

test:  gets limited links to be sent in a given request .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  retrieve   consisting
truth:  retrieve   link

test:  track the cover of the service .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   fitnesse
truth:  track   events

test:  extracts the raw token from an http response body and returns the response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns an iterator of edges in breadth-first-search from source .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  produce   descend
truth:  produce   edges

test:  split a number into roughly n equal parts .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  whether or not the value is a pooling type .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  gets   constrain
truth:  gets   attribute

test:  if were running .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  usage: echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  echo   separates
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features from a file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   caused
truth:  read   return

test:  splits an sequence into chunks of lists .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  empty   switch
truth:  empty   list

test:  flush all emails and cache their percent-encoding email .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  flush   scaled
truth:  flush   queue

test:  concatenate a sequence of expressions as a multinomial form .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  separate   import
truth:  separate   summary

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace note that the executed module will have full access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   tear
truth:  runs   module

test:  returns the maximum of an array .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  main function for ansible module .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  check if a port is suitable for use in the given port .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   requeues
truth:  get   sms

test:  try to guess a scheme .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  add   spyders
truth:  add   scheme

test:  decorator to give a validator method for a specific type .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  fake   map
truth:  fake   implementation

test:  returns the entropy of x .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  calculate   feed
truth:  calculate   entropy

test:  return the encoding input .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  compute the spectral deviation of the probability distribution positive skew indicates that most of the values lie to the right of the mean skewness(x) = e( ((x - e(x))/sigma)**3 )
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   record
truth:  pulls   deviation

test:  returns github credentials for github folder .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  view   intialize
truth:  view   root

test:  returns: list of names of the flags for this module .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  returns the value of the enough line .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  change the users room of a user cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  transform a lowpass filter prototype to a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   hits
truth:  transform   filter

test:  calculates the spearmans graph from the given list of word .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculates   repairs
truth:  calculates   correlation

test:  create a function that colorizes sudo .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return a path to the package package paths .
truth: given a package . 
test:  given   downloading
truth:  given   package

test:  return the placementgroup .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a codec linked to an integer .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  input   restart
truth:  input   account

test:  returns whether the user is configured to view .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a wsgi-compatible .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   shared
truth:  issue   string

test:  return a url to the profile avatar .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  return unique status for a user .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  import all modules from a module .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  try   tear
truth:  try   module

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   define
truth:  set   path

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  test triadic .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  tests   reported
truth:  tests   function

test:  fixture for testing .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  provides   stays
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  download a fileobj object to s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  attempt to start the grains from pillar data .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  execute   xml
truth:  execute   runtime

test:  convert fs path to file system tree .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   updates
truth:  runs   wsgi

test:  compute f to a where f in gf(p)[x] and a in gf(p) .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   algorithm
truth:  rotate   points

test:  returns a list of feature-based strings .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  show the version of an ssh server .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  use   objects
truth:  use   show

test:  decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  return the first array of the array of each array in expr .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  a decorator that modifies a function primary key mapping .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  moment conditions for estimating quantile .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  return a list of the network interfaces that are on cidr in cidr .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  compare two digests .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   optdict
truth:  clears   lines

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return server status .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  recreq restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  requests   switch
truth:  requests   list

test:  removes single and newline from the provided url .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  ask for multiple login .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  ensure the zmq for a zmq curve is present .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  bundled   trim
truth:  bundled   support

test:  if c is enabled and serve files from a list of files .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  is   sleep
truth:  is   files

test:  watch a watch set .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  post   unsets
truth:  post   watch

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server cli example: .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  checks   responds
truth:  checks   database

test:  display the public contributors for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  render   restoring
truth:  render   data

test:  compatibility helper function for keychain_items pca .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  add interpformat to a function .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   attacked
truth:  add   stats

test:  get utc or none .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  deletes a pub/sub topic topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return true if the named container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  compute the x and y values of the x .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  teardown the container container container rootfs mounting an image to the container .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   satisfy
truth:  teardown   container

test:  parse python interpreter file into .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  check for a segment of type eigenvalues .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  ensure   teardown
truth:  ensure   type

test:  attempt to find the type of a ctypes query .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  uninstall an flocker graph from a list of nodes .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  retrieves the exploration for a given exploration .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  ensures all second header text file in a dictionary .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  return tuple of integers where the int value is a tuple of .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  check and set the hashdb of the request object .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  run an error on the command line .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dump a private key to a buffer .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   listen
truth:  dump   key

test:  extract the first rsa key from a key .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test 3-byte of evoked .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  take a list of infiles and return a list of infiles values stripped list of infiles removing to each line .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes a cloudwatch mount point .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  deletes   coupling
truth:  deletes   target

test:  make sure all groups have present .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  verifies   decide
truth:  verifies   groups

test:  parse a vm and return a cleaned up to it .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  return a list of all files on the symlink server in a specified environment .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  represent an s3 url as a last-modified request .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  make   tracks
truth:  make   urls

test:  compute the sha1 image array showing an image array of image parameters im : file .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  compute   forwards
truth:  compute   image

test:  exeggcutess icon with acqparserfif .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  pulls   resizes
truth:  pulls   icon

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  decorator to call chaining server .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  return the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  merge a dictionary of results from a single dictionary .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   understemmed
truth:  merge   results

test:  add the mysql schema that is quickly by the model .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  add assembly holes to sqlite .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  returns whether the given element exists on the page .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  builds a bit string .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  check that comprehension .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  look   enabled
truth:  look   nova

test:  mock backend for local backend and .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  compute the symmetric integer cosine of a bcpy graph .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  return the given string with first words replaced by their respective values .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  return   outline
truth:  return   hex

test:  searching for alpha*pos(x) lines .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  update container metadata .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  detects entities in the file located in the local .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  when a report option is raised by errors .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  decode string encoded in rfc 2231 .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decode   decomposes
truth:  decode   rfc

test:  list all repositories within the api query .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  show an error message .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  a decorator that ensures that the user is not a project .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled permissions to view access to the given course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  check if the current user has the _inherit .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  show the details of an image cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  get   append
truth:  get   tenant

test:  add a batch with a new variable .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  prepend   releases
truth:  prepend   axis

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns a dictionary of averaging .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  get raw data .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  returns true if the given response has a given response .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  itemtype add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   connect
truth:  decodes   entities

test:  asserts one order is in outer and greater than one .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  quotes the " and characters in a string and surrounds with " .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  pulls   learn
truth:  pulls   quotes

test:  raises lwtexception if the given namespace or the namespace doesnt exist .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  parses a single keywords file at the given comment .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   derive
truth:  extract   templates

test:  test to make sure that the html writer will not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  test x labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  change the result of the decorated function .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  setting   forms
truth:  setting   result

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   based
truth:  expand   address

test:  sync customizations apps from all apps .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   were
truth:  sync   property

test:  gets an account from the candidate field on the specified account .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  retrieves   restart
truth:  retrieves   account

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  find   named
truth:  find   z

test:  convert a possibly content to the given string representation .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  given   remounts
truth:  given   obj

test:  return the current process .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  format   throw
truth:  format   x

test:  make sure an 822 format is raised correctly .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  test   install
truth:  test   response

test:  default feedback url .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  register a pseudo module to the named package .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   tear
truth:  add   module

test:  test setuptools-style report .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   serialize
truth:  test   str

test:  decrypt a stream of bytes from in_stream to decrypt using mode .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  decrypts   hover
truth:  decrypts   bytes

test:  mask -> flask digest of the given string .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   reported
truth:  mask   function

test:  loads a file .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  take care in the repository defined as it are no install the received tool shed repository defined on the provided and return it .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  debugging print the debug message when output a streamhandler .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  needed   pulls
truth:  needed   null

test:  this method returns a redirect or a redirect response .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  issue   asserting
truth:  issue   redirect

test:  reads in local plugins .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   interpolated
truth:  returns   plugins

test:  block image size .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  increase   analyzes
truth:  increase   size

test:  render a mako template .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  wrapper around the expected_paths .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  do a simple datatypes to serialize it with some fields .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  dumps   talking
truth:  dumps   dict

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  decorator that checks the cupy result is equal .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  pulls   understemmed
truth:  pulls   results

test:  update a specific site configuration from a file .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  update   bench
truth:  update   value

test:  convenience function to create a client .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the path for the messages .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  returns the next item from the next inputs .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   pulls
truth:  disallow   null

test:  reshape an array into the input string .
truth: if possible . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  slugify a piece of ngram .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  converts   rules
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  like parent .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  retry a function that ensures that rely current of the raised raised exception raised .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  executes   overlay
truth:  executes   func

test:  returns the product of the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  delete all choices that are referenced in its value .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual service instance associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get the number of dimensions .
truth: get the int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  return the number of network members within a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  retrieve a random date from a datetime object .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  returns the feedback form of the current request .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters argument: number of characters to truncate after .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  truncates   gauss
truth:  truncates   strings

test:  calculate a single stats for a set of gpus .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  find the identity pool for an identity pool .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns a rounded string representation of a number .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  round   located
truth:  round   method

test:  parse a set-like header into a dict .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns a httpresponse for both requests and original jwt .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  decorator that expect image and return the result of the image .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   indicating
truth:  compare   images

test:  validate and return a flavor policy based on the instance policy .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  extract   forwards
truth:  extract   image

test:  return true if the named upstart is disabled in files .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  are   iterates
truth:  are   comment

test:  deletes an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  returns a package .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   hides
truth:  makes   pointer

test:  get a dict with the given values .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  convert the image to a png file .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  mark the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  jk intermediate output of a circle polygon .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decrement the contents of an element tree .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  removes   uncheck
truth:  removes   element

test:  create and write a portion of the file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  process   pass
truth:  process   document

test:  get the points inside a mime_type mime_type option .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  return a copy of an options object .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  context manager to create a module while setting sys .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  place   mounts
truth:  place   objects

test:  uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable of lists .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the size in the specified system .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  attempt   newlines
truth:  attempt   dimensions

test:  return a relationship() corresponding to the given cpu cpus .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  build a ensures .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yaml: sitemonitor execute a sitemonitor command .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  remove the data associated with some of the currently active data .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  convert a dictionary or list of dicts to a single string .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  returns   polling
truth:  returns   webob

test:  resource header for component views .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  header   enhance
truth:  header   items

test:  creates a client for working with cloud databases .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  from github issue #1927 .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  custom wrapper for login view .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses a single host and return a tuple of .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  rotate an action to a temporary command .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   drill
truth:  execute   run

test:  plots a numpy array of xs .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   forwards
truth:  crop   image

test:  returns a list of valid locales cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  import a module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  create a single field type for a given sqlalchemy model type .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  least common multiple between 2 integers .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  pulls   assert
truth:  pulls   multiple

test:  get reference to the vlan - the vlan has been completed .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  the search results in codes .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  downloads a file from the given application .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  download   daemonize
truth:  download   memcache

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   clip
truth:  create   record

test:  check external module for external metadata .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  helper to return the estimated number of ch .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a list of people for each tag .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  upload files to a remote host .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  takes a single json player from the player .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  parses   compiling
truth:  parses   home

test:  given a hex digits of a series of the supplied build_configuration .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  apply multi to value from multiple of the provided multi .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  returns a rotation function .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  maximum -> 1 .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   saving
truth:  parse   feature

test:  returns a list of search rank from ratings .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  extracts a capabilities list from a string of text .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  install command .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  pulls   blocking
truth:  pulls   outputs

test:  start : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  start   dst
truth:  start   c

test:  load an ssh from the code channel buffer .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  use   multiply
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  lookup the specific best list of best strings that provide a single location of order .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  choose   forwards
truth:  choose   image

test:  helper for testing .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  pulls   empty
truth:  pulls   attempts

test:  adds a new string to the given object .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  construct a dictionary from the "account": ago .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return an item or raise the values of a dict .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  ensures that value is a json string .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  completion for "cd" .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  escape all the benchmarks of iterable in iterable .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set the modules to the value .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  disable   tear
truth:  disable   module

test:  get a list of user count .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  verify that the fqdn is a valid fqdn .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  get a dictionary with the name and the sysctl parameter .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   format
truth:  get   parameter

test:  returns a replacement of a replacement matrix given an integer and trials .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  choose   parameterize
truth:  choose   integers

test:  adds a due date extension for a student on the epoch .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  sets   attempt
truth:  sets   extension

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a new linestyle .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  test cross-validation without non-default .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  test io for mrk .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  pulls   cleaned
truth:  pulls   configurations

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the argument after a given url .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  update a new user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   restart
truth:  update   account

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  the action of the matrix exponential integral of a matrix/density .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  since a task is quite quite have been updated during the background candidate .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  inserting   pulls
truth:  inserting   null

test:  create a new message banner with the given values .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  create   generating
truth:  create   shell

test:  create a block of x and check if the block of y is not in the same .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  create a new thin thin commands .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  implement exponential filter sizes of a single channel .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  pulls   leaving
truth:  pulls   cython

test:  approximation of quorum .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  disable a named sysv service via daemontools .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  return data for bookmark of a user .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   referenced
truth:  return   bookmark

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  register a new exporter function .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   publish
truth:  output   graph

test:  verify that an interval is compatible with a certain record .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  ensure   contained
truth:  ensure   snapshots

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  assert the signal handler exactly run when the signal handler is run .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  send a message to master .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  return true if the given node in a mat context .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   aligns
truth:  update   volume

test:  returns a peak object that has the specified colors .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  get the areal mean of the arealized .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  return true if the requester authored the given mode and false .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a decorator that implements attribute .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  convert to ansistring .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  used   forbid
truth:  used   options

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  test traincv with a protected representation .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  code code based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   drops
truth:  make   call

test:  return a list of active conferences .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a sqlalchemy class for the given engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  check if were identical .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  convert obj to the graphics .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  returns the line offset where the iterable is the offset of the line number r .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  load data from file .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  loads   optparse
truth:  loads   extensions

test:  to a list of time the current times .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  converts   labeled
truth:  converts   file

test:  register the elementwise .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  can be sent and replies with a int32 strftime .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  handle   knapsack
truth:  handle   request

test:  get a dict matching a tcp sync sync keys in dsk2 .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  fetch the gravatar url for a gravatar email .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  returns   coefficients
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  returns the harmonic mean of an array .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  revoke the connection to the proxy challenge .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  revoke   assure
truth:  revoke   challenge

test:  log msg into the debug usage:: log file .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  clears internal cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns the size in a net format acceptable for a given mask .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  turns   combined
truth:  turns   ipv4

test:  decorator to run a method with a mutex lock .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  construct the snippet of the element index that we only allow for the given upload .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  generate translated strings .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  get   stretch
truth:  get   language

test:  compute the matrix exponential using taylor series .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   sort
truth:  compute   exponential

test:  create a fake team .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  return the plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  same as a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  true if the node is an abstract class .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   downgrades
truth:  point   point

test:  helper function to normalize all the same paths .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  validates a setting of a setting .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  validates   solve
truth:  validates   settings

test:  creates an authsubtoken and sets the token value of the url .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  finds   shared
truth:  finds   string

test:  hash a relative array .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts text into native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  takes   restoring
truth:  takes   data

test:  initialize the random seeds .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves quadratic diophantine equations .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  return kinds dict for each kind in kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  pulls   rising
truth:  pulls   group

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  retrieve the provided ip list for the provided server .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  create a random string of length whitespace .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  return the best matching the given elts types .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the circle nodes from a path .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  returns a string which contains any ranges of the given string .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  escapes a string for safe and applies it to the baseline .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on the trigger used / referenced inside the rule .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  fixes up to file type .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  reads a list of image instances from a dict .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  user list .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  copies the given archive to the destination .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   updating
truth:  copy   archive

test:  returns the list of all working on ifname .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  write the external book to xml .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  link   labeled
truth:  link   file

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   inhibit
truth:  get   label

test:  expect all strings in a role .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  create a new ctr instance suitable for ctr and symmetric distribution .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  ping the urls for an entry .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ping   tracks
truth:  ping   urls

test:  test installing a wheel for wheels .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  helper method to get a dictionary mapping from the xenapi .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  format   squeezing
truth:  format   uuid

test:  creates a new post .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 rsa .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the unix translation of the given target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  determine   coupling
truth:  determine   target

test:  create temporary file for shell script .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  test event estimation will be events .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   limiting
truth:  test   order

test:  trims tidy into the given source space .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  returns a list of lists of the hosts .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  defining   preloading
truth:  defining   host

test:  gets all virtual interfaces for instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  returns a configured page class for the given page id .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  check if we can resize contained within an image .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   autoencoder
truth:  update   xml

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  set up the cups sensor .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  calculate a search digest for a given string .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  a view that returns a valid config .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  check   usage_key_string
truth:  check   view

test:  configure old state to make sure proxy process will be used .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  parabolic cylinder functions of the first n .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  convert a variable length into a float .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   throttle
truth:  convert   unit

test:  unpack a numpy matrix from a fif file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   cleaning
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  convert an image to a gcode file .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test working copy with sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  test   disconnecting
truth:  test   sudo

test:  append the token to the token url .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  appends   compiling
truth:  appends   home

test:  ajax preview of posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  pulls   turning
truth:  pulls   posts

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   spin
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  aux function .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  returns the name of a column column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  parse a multiplier to a multiplier .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  returns a tuple of .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  finds   define
truth:  finds   path

test:  translates url to the arguments it .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  permanently delete a blob from the supplied blob .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  create configuration .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  create   freezing
truth:  create   configuration

test:  start the geonode server .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  show the details from opennebula concerning a named vm .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  return the total clustering of the matrix sets rows .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   merges
truth:  return   clustering

test:  helper function for processing item .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  fft   pulls
truth:  fft   null

test:  returns the class of a class as an attribute .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  adapted   access
truth:  adapted   url

test:  returns a repartition solution according to the given locale settings .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  check   document
truth:  check   brackets

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   oriented
truth:  like   meth

test:  construct an object from a binary string .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  simulates a login with the sets of the login .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  performs   relying
truth:  performs   login

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  just like get_facebook .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  refresh   unquoting
truth:  refresh   environment

test:  verify that we are running pyinstaller to check the correct build .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  returns a 2-d array with diagonal elements from the interval [0 .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute edge boundary of a directed graph g .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   pack
truth:  returns   edge

test:  return true if url is running .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get fixed ip by a ports or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  make sure the config file has changed .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   transliterate
truth:  test   variable

test:  compute polynomial exact pseudo-quotient of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  test that accentuated .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  pulls   look
truth:  pulls   utf-8

test:  check worktree .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetches the provided public key from repo .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  download   listen
truth:  download   key

test:  get a loop note: the loops in the loop .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  view to redirect to a single client .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  wrap_text -> .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  tries to determine if the class is class .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  computes the n-th norm of a multivariate polynomial f .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  calculates   assuming
truth:  calculates   norm

test:  multivariate normal cumulative distribution function .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  calculates   limiting
truth:  calculates   order

test:  escape a backslashes .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  generate adjacency paths from directed graph .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  asynchronously returns a json string for the -- .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of a graph .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  create a tarball string in the given path .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   denotes
truth:  create   tarball

test:  return a list of the schema with the given schema currently loaded schemas .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  return btrfs routing devices .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  average true range .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  find the rate nodes of the node with the given standalone .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  generate a test name for files and return the list of files in a test name .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  returns metadata from db .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  update email preferences for the given recipients .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  take a string and split it into a list of non-empty lists .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  separate   equalize
truth:  separate   email

test:  return a list of constructor from a runner runner .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  elementwise shape of input variable without copy .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  decorator for functions that converts a function signature to its identical .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  rcctl(8) is only available on systems with pkg .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  module   fake
truth:  module   load

test:  returns a list of tuples in the form of a given module .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  del a lease from the fast .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  called   remaining
truth:  called   lease

test:  get the file from the filename or the lowercase filename in the directory setting .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  where the word should be run .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  dump   switch
truth:  dump   list

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  generate an ipv6 representation of a given ip address .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   physicists
truth:  returns   suffix

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  provides   crop
truth:  provides   directory

test:  return the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   assembles
truth:  compute   coefficients

test:  return a possible .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   enhanced
truth:  transliterate   object

test:  return a secure path to a secure string .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  compute   shared
truth:  compute   string

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  removes a symlink .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  link   profile
truth:  link   theme

test:  returns a program to store and path under .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  formats size bytes into human readable form .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  print   unmarshalling
truth:  print   sizes

test:  generates a current doc .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  compute the maximum central moment / variance**2 - 3 .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  is   signals
truth:  is   moment

test:  fixture which provides a headerchecker class for tests .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  converts a diagonal matrix to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  write a source spaces to disk .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   unlocking
truth:  write   source

test:  convert a number to a hex string if it is negative .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   outline
truth:  convert   hex

test:  return the first non of the process of the given pid .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  verify   explode
truth:  verify   processes

test:  parse a string into an integer according to the ith point .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  tickets filtered by status .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  filtered   point
truth:  filtered   status

test:  gzip flask response .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  return   removes
truth:  return   gzip

test:  render the data passing the functions and grains into the rendering system :rtype: string .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  return x .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  for each model in a given models that contains the dependencies for the given models .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  works   concatenates
truth:  works   ordering

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   holding
truth:  create   policy

test:  return a path to the python documentation .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  convert various points to the mysql reference .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  check if the request is a whitelist request .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  check   preloading
truth:  check   host

test:  log an agreement in the meetinginfo .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   urlencode
truth:  log   item

test:  render a template to a template .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  setup cover controlled by shell commands .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns the last item in a list .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   instantiate
truth:  returns   arguments

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  test end of end .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  close the connection to the proxy device .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   label
truth:  attach   custom

test:  return locale from the request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  predict float numbers based on sequences of float numbers of length 3 using a single layer of gru units .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  apply   fonts
truth:  apply   layer

test:  only load if the mysql computer is available .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  write the string representation of the given file .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get movie time .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  display a resource from either a text file or a sparse file .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  write   compile
truth:  write   documentation

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  return a list of the keys of a ms .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  lists   serves
truth:  lists   roles

test:  apply explicit release .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  load   unlinks
truth:  load   fixture

test:  call before the server is shut .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shuts   chew
truth:  shuts   service

test:  check an input file matches the given matcher .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   thinks
truth:  attach   issue

test:  return true if the constructor is mdata-get .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load if the snapper module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   pinned_array
truth:  load   execution

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a helper for _addmessagemethods() and returns a class instance .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns the rate of the threshold value .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  pulls   format
truth:  pulls   parameter

test:  move a widget to a widget .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   parsed
truth:  handle   widgets

test:  scale the correct image to a couchbase-server or a vector of image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  const : const identifier .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a directory and all its contents .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  return top five brands and a string of recommendations .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  pulls   pyopenssl
truth:  pulls   convenience

test:  some data types for json .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  turn   adjust
truth:  turn   inventory

test:  skirt the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  prints a single log file to stdout and prints the result .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  delete a new repo .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  deletes   commit
truth:  deletes   repository

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   expose
truth:  delete   credentials

test:  convert a postgresql message to a rrggbb .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  kill a job .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  determines if the location is in the split line .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  encode a single dbref / str .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  usage: dbref(3) this lock type only works if the dbref are true .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test reserved code cannot be created .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  validate the address for the email address .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  checks   based
truth:  checks   address

test:  return server info on mac .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  test   reduced
truth:  test   cli

test:  return the unicode text strength .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  unpack a database filename to the database .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  add volume types to an existing volume type .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  instruct the amount of idle time until the computer sleeps .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  displays   reloads
truth:  displays   amount

test:  python implementation of a pairwise pairwise samples parameters data: ndarray : array_like .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  display the logging message .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  pauses   allocate
truth:  pauses   user

test:  gets the difference between the candidate and the current configuration .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  resets   igor
truth:  resets   device

test:  compute norm of the matrix exponential samples .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  convert the value into the unavailable and the master value .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  pass   cause
truth:  pass   option

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  sets options turned on by switch -o .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  adds   expose
truth:  adds   credentials

test:  converts a numpy boolean array to a bool array of values .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  returns the current user .
truth: set g . 
test:  set   translated
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a specific ubuntu module .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  run the next character .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  return memory since the number of memory in the multivariate .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  produces the input string into a single prefix .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  replace   stores
truth:  replace   name

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   knapsack
truth:  perform   request

test:  stretch a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  update a child security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  update   rising
truth:  update   group

test:  mount up a file to 1 .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  mount   embedded
truth:  mount   example

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  returns the thumbnail for a thumbnail image .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  gets current long description for an endogenous changelog .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns a dict of in_path ops .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  return   compress
truth:  return   db

test:  binary representation of a binary string s into binary representation .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return an iterator over lexicographic of n objects .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  returns the min weighted cost set .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  uploads the sample sample data for a file .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  upload   hostname
truth:  upload   vm

test:  returns a uniform binary frame .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  pulls   threshold
truth:  pulls   distribution

test:  serialize python object to json string .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  gets the release group of an image .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  download   recommended
truth:  download   art

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  returns the variable with the given value .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  returns   parameter

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal method to connect to a second socket .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get repository dependencies from the database .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  import modules .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  tests that the tail of the bayesian info for the bayesian floating-point .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  make sure that symbols are valid expressions .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   deployed
truth:  make   symbols

test:  create two arrays for process of innovation process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  simulate   prettify
truth:  simulate   process

test:  remove explicit zeros from a clean version or _internal_ .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   thrusting
truth:  remove   space

test:  enroll student .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  enroll   equalize
truth:  enroll   email

test:  query through a queryset .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  splits a sequence into a list of sequences of equal indices and return the last value of the longest each pixel in sequence .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  returns   persists
truth:  returns   subsequence

test:  return true if consumption is a char command .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  adds given parent after is in parent .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  update   fetches
truth:  update   parent

test:  return the total number of rss .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  get data .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this creates a new query to ns .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  return   makes
truth:  return   namespaces

test:  if the current image is installed .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  require   delay
truth:  require   conda

test:  set a fake locale for the given locale category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  registers the admin extension .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  register   reallocation
truth:  register   collection

test:  return a coefficient for a distribution .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  pulls   broadcasts
truth:  pulls   colorize

test:  fill the file system for a filename .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  check   disabling
truth:  check   filenames

test:  set the user to be used in authorization mode .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  return true if the address represents an ipv4 address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  determine   shared
truth:  determine   string

test:  strips empty html markup from a string .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  installs a specific reinstall ruby the given ruby ruby the version of which to reinstall reinstall .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  pulls   disconnected
truth:  pulls   ruby

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  validates attributes of a retrieved file .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  pulls   etc_services
truth:  pulls   sensors

test:  functional test environment for launching unserialization mode .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  keeps   skills
truth:  keeps   track

test:  api to handle service hooks from github .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  pulls   challengenes
truth:  pulls   hooks

test:  calculate a list of weighted values from the choices .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  returns   fit
truth:  returns   choices

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   producing
truth:  retrieve   certificate

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  return the sqs conn for the sqs service .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  whois a user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   plan
truth:  show   profile

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a long integer .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  converts   appends
truth:  converts   add

test:  allow some common pairs from the value .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   boolean

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  write a file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  save   labeled
truth:  save   file

test:  filters a template grammar grammar .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  look   exception
truth:  look   macros

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  yaml: dry this plug-in allows you configure a build step that will add an dry job .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  build image to build .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  run   locked
truth:  run   build

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   removing
truth:  perform   parse

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the score values from the persisted_block if found .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   skipping
truth:  returns   score

test:  replaces whitespace characters with a single space .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  make sure tuples is not a group of c{name} .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  return a list of meters by a source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  elementwise sin function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  get a list of words from a given query .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  get   minpoly(add
truth:  get   words

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   crop
truth:  ask   directory

test:  validate a cookie value string .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  goes   teardown
truth:  goes   type

test:  api: send a test to notification test .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  call c{f} with logging around warning .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  nicer wrapper for the decorated method .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  return the attribute of the object .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  get information about a node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  check for azure configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  if we are using djangos .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  add   access
truth:  add   url

test:  capitalizes the value of the value from the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  validates that a value is plotly and wont type .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validate   executed
truth:  validate   dictionary

test:  produces the 2nd shared variables used by unit dimensions .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  shared   simulating
truth:  shared   input

test:  return the tree of a d node from a document_pb .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  retrieves categories to be used when updated a list of categories are provided .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   shifted
truth:  seek   units

test:  escape a string for use in html shell to escape it .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   rms
truth:  escape   javascript

test:  element-wise cos function .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  return a carbon data to a remote carbon .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  remove a organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   filename
truth:  purge   organization

test:  list all separate users who have completed to the given user .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  separates   generate
truth:  separates   users

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  check to see if a virtualserver exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert obj into a python type for iterables .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  create a repository for the given field .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  called   inquire
truth:  called   tool

test:  compute the gauss-chebyshev quadrature nodes of the polygamma function .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  computes the shortest path lengths between all nodes in g .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   ip
truth:  compute   paths

test:  parses a field path .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  take   define
truth:  take   path

test:  return the results of the stub associated with the given host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  create a new github cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   enabled
truth:  add   nova

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a integers .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  pulls   sleeping
truth:  pulls   price

test:  try to return all of the figures .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  returns   parens
truth:  returns   figure

test:  creates a nice bit of n and numbers .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   vms
truth:  are   thread

test:  get a list of function from a fuse graph .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  return true if the object is an instance method .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   enhanced
truth:  formats   object

test:  cm service accept section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  find the shape of an expression along object expr .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   ensure
truth:  turn   prediction

test:  error handler showing list of review .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  show a map of a running thread .
truth: map command . 
test:  map   authorizes
truth:  map   command

test:  construct cli options that will be implemented in the user logging .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  handle   reduced
truth:  handle   cli

test:  make a 2d array of arrays .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  finds   newlines
truth:  finds   dimensions

test:  fake function to make a single html format .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   mounts
truth:  find   objects

test:  finds a vpc filters in the with the supplied name .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  finds   fft
truth:  finds   vpc

test:  extract messages from the javascript from the given source .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  ensure that the scaling value of the outputs interpolation .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  makes   xor
truth:  makes   scale

test:  create a rope figure .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   parens
truth:  create   figure

test:  returns the payload results for the project .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  benchmark a iterable of urls via a dataframe and then benchmark .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  pulls   correct
truth:  pulls   async

test:  deletes the user preference for the given username and removing its key .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  deletes   buckets
truth:  deletes   preference

test:  entry point for pager .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  fetch all pages for a particular table .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  raise a warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  return true iff a and b are similar to view .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  validate the such logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   pings
truth:  validate   behavior

test:  creates a notebook model .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  given   populates
truth:  given   params

test:  detect modules with at least one patched .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  list all role names from a particular sql server .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  for javascript behavior .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  test the corrmat of the distance matrix .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  get a class of file .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  place an order by specified id amount rather than specific attributes .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached {attached: false} if the policy was not attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   holding
truth:  detach   policy

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the graphite feeder .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  use   exposes
truth:  use   values

test:  decorator that setting a class to be used as its callback .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a given status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  pulls   aligns
truth:  pulls   volume

test:  produce a between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   validating
truth:  produce   clause

test:  this is a factory that returns a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get a list of appropriate request headers from a pull request .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  encrypts content using current locale .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  format   customized
truth:  format   salt

test:  initialize metric for each metric .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return an extension with its extension replaced by adding extensions .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get the output of the volume .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  return a list of sorted elements of the first trace from the top .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  wrapper around definition .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  compile the compiler file at the given arguments .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  send usage with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return information about the logical config file .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  adds a new task to the list of triplets .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  returns the refactored representation of the given encoding .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   deconvolves
truth:  declare   level

test:  builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree b .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  discover invalid win .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  compares   facebook
truth:  compares   pairwise

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   wanted
truth:  creates   filename

test:  handles a password process .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  sends   terminate
truth:  sends   password

test:  normalize an expression to be evaluated in the given expression .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  lambda   pulls
truth:  lambda   null

test:  gives the display value for a given path .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  gives   bench
truth:  gives   value

test:  this is a debug function which takes a list of tuples and calculates the parent of the parent .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  pulls   context
truth:  pulls   contact

test:  constructs and returns the api flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   supplied
truth:  constructs   api

test:  run a command .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  run used for testing .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  a fresh filter for the editor filter .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  tests   obj
truth:  tests   filters

test:  get default bucket for the given bucket .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  gets   enters
truth:  gets   bucket

test:  returns a list of the create index from a list of element .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test reconstruction where elements of a declared .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  prints s to stdout .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  compute time-frequency representation of source localization .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   grant
truth:  compute   power

test:  returns a n-dimensional byte hexadecimal representation of size .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  flip   cyclen
truth:  flip   percentage

test:  mask the secret dict of parameter names .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the unix timestamp for a given process .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  provides   prettify
truth:  provides   process

test:  new comment form .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  convert a number of iri to a string containing iri .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  transform   enforce
truth:  transform   iri

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  removes a schema into the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  creates   evpn
truth:  creates   schema

test:  entry point for the application environment .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  paste   paging
truth:  paste   interface

test:  i have a forced with the same dtype and its "multiple" values .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  limit   pulls
truth:  limit   null

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   pick
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick the disk driver driver type .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  pick   widget
truth:  pick   libvirt

test:  model a case with explicit worker .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  set a value in dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  return image label .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  delete   clean
truth:  delete   playlist

test:  initialize redis connection .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  starts   ellipsoid
truth:  starts   pool

test:  like unicode/str/bytes .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  make   switch
truth:  make   list

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  return a sax configuration has a auto set for the provided resource .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  documents the action method of a resource .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  returns a tuple of .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns the changes applied by a salt job jid the job id to lookup config configuration name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  split a symbol into multiple parameters .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  publish a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   stops
truth:  publish   topic

test:  make sure memory reallocation works okay when the same way .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  restores a config zip file back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   labeled
truth:  restores   file

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  return the string obtained by replacing all non-overlapping non-overlapping .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  lookup   iuploader
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return a greedy graph of source and h of g .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  pulls   hash
truth:  pulls   flow

test:  returns a tuple for registering the data contained in it .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a internal .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  retrieves the running command from process .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  simple list_identities list_identities .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  load and return the plain plain keyfile .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  return true if the user is valid .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  returns   pick
truth:  returns   callback

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  a view that can download permissions for a given user .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  request   wrapped
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if any of the tool looks like a beta tool file .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  finds a list of tags in a vpc .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  load config file and return a configparser object .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  validates   labeled
truth:  validates   file

test:  outputs a message to the underlying .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  displays a list of pairs .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  show all cassandra data in a cassandra cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  show   extract
truth:  show   version

test:  find a single footnotes of the given document with the given footnotes .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  upgrade a python packages .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  creates an index for values with masking parameters .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  validate the ipv6 address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  provides   bench
truth:  provides   value

test:  return true if user is in a cron user .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  return   loads
truth:  return   changes

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  custom verify we can verify the server actions .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   modbus
truth:  verify   cookie

test:  print a single line of an iterable with a exc .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  add   indexes
truth:  add   snapshot

test:  get bit value from <windows-package-manager> .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   extract
truth:  gets   version

test:  validate a generated color or raise .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  return a list of social methods .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  formats   prioritized
truth:  formats   messages

test:  resnet-200 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  make sure that a specific value is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  enable   unmask
truth:  enable   profiles

test:  deploy the application to a file .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  deploy   roundrobin
truth:  deploy   application

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  logs the most appropriate log file to a log file .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  logs   ssl
truth:  logs   errors

test:  adds the current session to the given response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  this script prints url to frappe in the accounts .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  downloads an the login to the login .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  make   empty
truth:  make   attempts

test:  yields unique room info for metadata .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  close all buckets .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of file names that can be used to main functions .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  read a list of concept contents from a iterable of iterable .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   instantiate
truth:  translate   arguments

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  compile a regular expression name with a regular expression .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  given   batch
truth:  given   code

test:  compute the x21 line describing the distance between two points .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  compute a fourier transform of f at a fourier hypothesis .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  converts a bcd value to a bcd value .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the sokal-sneath metric from a fraction .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  creates   throttle
truth:  creates   unit

test:  return the attribute of the graph .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  compute   defines
truth:  compute   attributes

test:  returns a multistring object from the headers given a list of strings .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  continuous variables parameters d1 : array .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  pulls   iterator
truth:  pulls   kernel

test:  example expected arguments .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  restful crud controller for the current bus number .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  computes the minkowski dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  stain to a threading process .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return the status of banners .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  multi-dimensional correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   eliminates
truth:  list   elements

test:  return samples from a file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all pairs of all against one dimension parameters nm : int one returns column : int .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  returns a horizontal representation of a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  pulls   discover
truth:  pulls   closing

test:  does the cix rows_cols .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  displays a member of the user .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  convert a datetime to a string .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   evacuate
truth:  convert   precision

test:  context manager that adds default state to multiple apps .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  setup   induce
truth:  setup   testing

test:  a safe for url-encoded .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  this returns the users dashboard distrib .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  validate html escaping .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  searches through the available explorations .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  registers a mimetype for the given handler .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  creates a list of containers in the order that belong to every container .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  return source line numbers for each line .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns true if the device exists .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  just inserts does nothing .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  print   highlight
truth:  print   row

test:  get a list of unmounted .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  return   rotated
truth:  return   partition

test:  return a list from a slug .
truth: get slug . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a csv of ora2 responses and push it to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  cleans an http request to the device .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  clean   access
truth:  clean   url

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  each component in compatible sample .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set the slice attribute dictionary and element matrix to the decimal text .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   named
truth:  set   z

test:  set a specific computenode entry by a series of deltas .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  makes the profile dimension for the given input .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  retrieve instance type access for project .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  common function to return a progress information .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  caches   pulls
truth:  caches   null

test:  find a search by name .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   redirecting
truth:  search   entity

test:  separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   reported
truth:  separate   function

test:  check that two strings one instance is preserved that will not install a previously executed using the same information .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  register a code for binary construction .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  create a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  creates   listen
truth:  creates   key

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   whiten
truth:  get   computenode

test:  tests that the four cli interfaces gateway was raised .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return a path to the cola directory if it isnt there .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a timestamp to integer .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  adds the given headers to the response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  every item in seq .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  return a independent game of equally equally statements .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  decorator to return a vlan only the vlan associated with a vlan .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns the most recent options used for the connection .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   forbid
truth:  returns   options

test:  check if path is installed .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  converts a python string to a unicode string .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the path to the directory of the control segment .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  get   fill
truth:  get   pathname

test:  parse a string to a list of strings .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  get   results
truth:  get   keywords

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  pointed to make possible to use cases .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  fixture   unlinks
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator to define a function that manipulates arguments to use with the given function .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  decorates   write
truth:  decorates   dependencies

test:  return the operation on the operation .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  freeze a wheel cwd the path to the setuptools package version of the setuptools package user version to call .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  make a class inheriting with attribute on the klass class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  poll task status until stopped .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  retrieve   inverts
truth:  retrieve   statuses

test:  populate a fnpickle object .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  pickle   enhanced
truth:  pickle   object

test:  parses a policy to the tree of the tree .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  parse   files
truth:  parse   check

test:  extract data from a packet that can appear in a in-sample .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  converts   talk
truth:  converts   packet

test:  returns the network version .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a method .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a link object .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  generate   uncheck
truth:  generate   element

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  displays the output of all inputs .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  testing   exposes
truth:  testing   values

test:  asset asset page .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  update   populating
truth:  update   info

test:  solves a 1st order differential equations with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  setup iframe livestreamer python imaging library .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  creates   command
truth:  creates   session

test:  decorator to skip test the decorated test classes .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  provides a percentage of server handled via http status code .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  pulls   widgets
truth:  pulls   responses

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  returns the network device function .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   constrained
truth:  returns   functions

test:  write the packages from uwsgi .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  cache the cache of desired values .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transforms a numpy array into a different type .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  load language from current language in language for the language .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  dragonfly doji .
truth: advance block . 
test:  advance   converted
truth:  advance   block

test:  test event validator .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  return a set of executing .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  adds   init
truth:  adds   modules

test:  write the error message to an error .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   optdict
truth:  write   lines

test:  get the correct key for a program .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  have   inhibit
truth:  have   label

test:  implement rruleset function .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a string with a given key .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   shared
truth:  sign   string

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  retrieves a group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  take an item types and return the corresponding types .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  test hermite cardinal .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  run a command with arguments .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  function   authorizes
truth:  function   command

test:  recursive helper function for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  updates the specified tenants quota quota cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  returns a dict containing the filenames for a complete set of profile images .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  change the login class of the user .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  reload the cached localzone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   pulls
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 is a multiple of 0 .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   evacuate
truth:  check   precision

test:  if the value is not a dotted .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  return true if path is a python extension .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal function .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  turn a possibly null string into a display .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  query   signs
truth:  query   display

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   extract
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set the *x* of all or specified entity .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  change   grouping
truth:  change   system

test:  raises an exception if the supplied string is too long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  check whether translation was passed in tests .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   enabled
truth:  check   nova

test:  display a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  block   igor
truth:  block   device

test:  write a container to the meta file .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  this function is multidimensional as a test .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  verify that the given package is installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  register a new :class: .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  write pretty file to contents .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  export   sleep
truth:  export   files

test:  get all compute compute compute a service by host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  reads the data from a forward filter .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  set up any of the compr for compr .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   formatted
truth:  compute   rate

test:  computes the sum of the logistic function of a dense polynomial .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  create a widget .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  render   reserializes
truth:  render   widget

test:  list contents of a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   bartels
truth:  function   contents

test:  test unicode labels .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  test   flip
truth:  test   python

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  convert a file size in bytes into a human readable format .
truth: formats size . 
test:  formats   analyzes
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  list all installed volume groups .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  list   aligns
truth:  list   volume

test:  encrypts a polynomial of two texts .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  -   access
truth:  -   url

test:  this method is called when boolean-based blind is installed on a system and it is not a result .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  helper function for printing unicode values .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  see   flattens
truth:  see   output

test:  update a ditty .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   command
truth:  update   session

test:  return the information for a service .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns the precision for the linear models where the ith linear regression is one of the structuring of the virtual factorization factorization .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  like dict_to .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  retrieve cohort cohorts for a course .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  computes the permutations of the permutations of a 3d image .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  check   uploads
truth:  check   factorization

test:  creates an rpc representation of public certificates for use with rpc .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  get   gunzip
truth:  get   certificates

test:  adds media objects to media document .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  helper to morph .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  pulls   unlocking
truth:  pulls   source

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  test install a package with no setup .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  run flocker-volume .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  split a string into keyword arguments .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  split   testsuites
truth:  split   keyword

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  tell out the xrefs xrefs .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  append message to a stream .
truth: output a string . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  alias for hg p .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  pulls   decompile
truth:  pulls   wiki

test:  get vlm_media instance playback instance by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  merge two entries of a single path declared into a list of two lists .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  merge   unescaped
truth:  merge   entries

test:  resolve a name from a namespace .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  report unique file to path .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  return a :class:kombu .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  takes   enroll
truth:  takes   iterator

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  verify that the specified cron file is absent for the specified user .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return a dict from a keywords or output class .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  warn about warning .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  generate   eventlet
truth:  generate   warning

test:  search all details in a bose file .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parse the command line options .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parses   forbid
truth:  parses   options

test:  given the directory of the autotest_remote client used to run a profiler .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   be
truth:  parses   acl

test:  subtract univariate polynomials over finite fields .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   combine
truth:  evaluate   transformation

test:  creates and returns the ada1 script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   retrying
truth:  is   compatibility

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   responds
truth:  updates   database

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  this decorator provides a function that returns true if a session has changed .
truth: run some function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  setup the itunes sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert a native set or list into a python set .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  returns the path to the default .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  list floating ip .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  list   adict
truth:  list   pools

test:  return absolute path to data file .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  add a new interface .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  bind   paging
truth:  bind   interface

test:  create a message .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  display   draft
truth:  display   prompt

test:  mark a scheduled task as complete .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  remove   reserializes
truth:  remove   widget

test:  create or updates the player .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  pulls   relying
truth:  pulls   login

test:  removes the string remove from the right of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  write statistics for a skeinforge file .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  returns the sum of values from the given list .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  sum   eliminates
truth:  sum   elements

test:  write bound tweets header .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  update quota allocated or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  apply a pauli .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  allocates   simplifying
truth:  allocates   range

test:  write information to a checkpoint .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  write   understemmed
truth:  write   results

test:  create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  a generator of lists of strings for each group in sparse order .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  create a continuous clip with the given 1-sized value .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a boto connection for the service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  return all volumes .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  test lashed cartesian scaling matrix .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  multiply the expression tree of the expression tree .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  applies   looking
truth:  applies   operator

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   marking
truth:  lists   qos

test:  load a list of resources for a source resources .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  find   sleep
truth:  find   files

test:  test plugin to make sure plugin is social .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  raising unicode .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  plugin   float
truth:  plugin   decorator

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  compute the labels of x between x and labels .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  compute   centers
truth:  compute   labels

test:  verify that a dict of keys arent optional .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create an instance of volume and set the scheduled_at cache entry .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  copy a function constr .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  creates   analyze
truth:  creates   copy

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  write 3 byte integer to a file .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   linkify
truth:  write   integer

test:  remove a raid cluster .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  remove   joins
truth:  remove   cluster

test:  for saving only returns the current local client .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  a multiplication .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  pulls   cancels
truth:  pulls   typeerror

test:  runs a command in a subprocess and create a output .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  produces a sequence of tuples for a given collection of data .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   interfacing
truth:  remove   axes

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  returns and write it to the bulk archive .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   enhanced
truth:  imports   object

test:  sort rank of english sort of english .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   bails
truth:  comapare   phrases

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   eliminates
truth:  extract   elements

test:  set indentation scalar scalar value .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return a volumes that useful for volumes .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  register all discovery entry .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  compute the hilbert transform of a given axis .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   dumps
truth:  compute   signal

test:  convert a string to a corresponding unicode .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  escape all the ajax metrics from url .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  evaluate a blaze expression in the given expression .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  get   lowercases
truth:  get   verbose

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  ensures   advised
truth:  ensures   commands

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   rising
truth:  associate   group

test:  deletes scheduled the item of the item .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  exposes   located
truth:  exposes   method

test:  writes a filepath to the filepath .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  applies   simplifying
truth:  applies   range

test:  extract the plugin plugin plugin tuple from the state given in the state file name and state .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  set the current subnet name .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  test either if an ignored and evaluate a reference pairs; .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   centers
truth:  test   labels

test:  estimate beta ridge ridge stochastic function .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  use   increment
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse initial site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   handles
truth:  parse   site

test:  return common identical identical by current path .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  removes a wsgi intercept call for the given host .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   drops
truth:  remove   call

test:  adds a message with the info level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  given a filename .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  tests   wanted
truth:  tests   filename

test:  a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  computes the length of the variable length .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  detect if the code is running in gce mode .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  detect   batch
truth:  detect   code

test:  compile * .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  compile   unload
truth:  compile   client

test:  return a request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  validate the value of a given auth uri .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   offset
truth:  validate   parameters

test:  round a single .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  returns a value for value .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  set the subtitle scaling return the current video .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   intercepts
truth:  set   subtitle

test:  cache project .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  cache   determine
truth:  cache   projects

test:  returns true if the given filename matches the specified patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  check   config
truth:  check   patterns

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   deflate
truth:  connect   config

test:  decodes a encoded string preferred encoding .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  generate a example certificates for a course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  start   lstrip
truth:  start   set

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test activate a shell script to make sure that any scripts are created and no scripts environment variables in the scripts .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  handle a single text purpose .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  delete   draws
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  returns a base .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  generate sphinx version for the program .
truth: format sys . 
test:  format   inputhook
truth:  format   sys

test:  returns a symbolic array .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  decorator to retry an http backoff .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  wrap   trivial
truth:  wrap   connection

test:  compute the negative log-likelihood of a variable .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   attributes
truth:  given   arrays

test:  return a dictionary with information for a given package version .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  ensure that a file exists and is set mkdir mkdir .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  ensure configuration options .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  ensure   currents
truth:  ensure   state

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  delete the modules .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  deletes   restoring
truth:  deletes   data

test:  publish an exploration .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   coordinates
truth:  pulls   exploration

test:  calculate all cyclic parameters from cyclic .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  calculate the kinetic .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  generate a module for a given python source file .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  context manager that shouldnt be ignored when a new app is raised .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  section a section for a section .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  returns a boolean value of obj .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  filename   enhanced
truth:  filename   object

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   iterate
truth:  returns   auth

test:  this method will download page@require from a docker device .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  retrieve varchar .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  reads   executed
truth:  reads   dictionary

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  creates rpc object for use with the images api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  attempt to get the default access key from script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  attempt   emit
truth:  attempt   access

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  top linear form metric for make 1xn .
truth: given data x . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  signal a container name container name or id cli example: .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  returns   snaps
truth:  returns   pid

test:  returns the current top data .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  run command with subprocess .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  monkeypatch   extract
truth:  monkeypatch   version

test:  allow correlations handler for the daemon/forkd signal handlers .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  take   restart
truth:  take   account

test:  return the extension in the given filename: "cat file .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  figure   stores
truth:  figure   name

test:  decodes the module .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  wrap a call to get the reactor using the reactor if it does not exist .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  adds   statsd
truth:  adds   timeout

test:  create a tuple from a json row .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  create a new .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  deprecated: list network nodes associated with a baremetal node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  returns a url for the primary key .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  decorator for tests in single templates .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  runs   flask
truth:  runs   times

test:  calculate the percentiles of an array .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  modify all taskdef published in admin role on ccx .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  compute the inverse inverse of f(s) over a 3d or its derivatives .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   labels
truth:  compute   transform

test:  like unicode .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  call   serialize
truth:  call   str

test:  set the css of a single file .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  convert a us-ascii brightness units to its value .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  defines   exhaust
truth:  defines   conversion

test:  return true if the object is an instance method .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  make a sequential color space from a color dict .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  produces   representing
truth:  produces   specification

test:  create and return a file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   shuffle
truth:  creates   temp

test:  return an icosahedral ico .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  get   splitting
truth:  get   surface

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen argument_expression_list rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns true if we can introspect for certain field .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  saves the list of plugin names to restart .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  saves   identifies
truth:  saves   plugin

test:  return etc_services information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  update available modules .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   init
truth:  set   modules

test:  returns a mask to a mask inplace .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  compute   blend
truth:  compute   mask

test:  get the colx .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  create a new .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert an opcode to an rcode object .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   patched
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid number .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  returns the mac address assigned to the image(s) image(s) .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   noise
truth:  returns   macos

test:  a decorator to declare a function to be run on one or more events .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  register   rescales
truth:  register   event

test:  get a set of all available widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  prepare wmt data and display corresponding to the following date .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  we get here from /jobs/jobid/tasks/taskid/attempts/attemptid/counters error .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  method to add binary search for a binary plot .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  put   pulls
truth:  put   null

test:  generate a graph of the graph from atlas .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return a string representing the current decimal locale .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  split an expression into list of strings .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   craft
truth:  split   expr

test:  create a custom field for the given key .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  push a copy to the returncode directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  print a single environment variable .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  dump   unquoting
truth:  dump   environment

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   logs
truth:  generate   vertices

test:  evaluate the text before adding cram .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  builds a wsgi provider dict .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  format/beautify the given list of fac*po*g .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  create melded fill loops around extra loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   reproduces
truth:  create   loops

test:  unary_expression : sizeof lparen type_name rparen .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the number of times for the requested percentage .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  computes   preloading
truth:  computes   host

test:  build a query from the list of possible folders .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   blocks
truth:  build   representation

test:  set the lower .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  set   simplifying
truth:  set   range

test:  a dummy error handler for the hadoop specified by the user .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  run a shell command .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  plot 250 parameters of current style input for each axes .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  decorator to skip test if svd is not a buggy .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to configure the probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   tear
truth:  calls   module

test:  returns a short .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  builds   stubbed
truth:  builds   headers

test:  clears caches for the cache .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   phred
truth:  clears   caches

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is no values are no values .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   summarize
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  generates a new pseudorandom of specified length .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  checks that an exception is raised by an exception .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  fail   shed
truth:  fail   exception

test:  run a function and retry it while getting eintr errors .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  restart   drops
truth:  restart   call

test:  find all file tests in the list of modules which are met .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  loads a class from a dotted class path .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  loads   safe_octal
truth:  loads   class

test:  gpu convolution gradient with respect to input using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  decorator for concrete volume groups .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  pulls   trending
truth:  pulls   driver

test:  converts an input string to a native string .
truth: some functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  load the entry point for options .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  test with non sparse matrix .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of the graph .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  generate   preface
truth:  generate   degree

test:  return the prefix for a given prefix .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   clearing
truth:  return   meta

test:  validate the tax for an subprojects number .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  validate   sparks
truth:  validate   number

test:  return the tetrahedral graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the path to the plot plot .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return a string containing the python version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test that the execute instances of sync .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  url   pulls
truth:  url   null

test:  check if obj is changed .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  check   remounts
truth:  check   obj

test:  the correct config/layer_entity norms for the given community .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  compute   raise
truth:  compute   term

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  determines if n is a temporary: of a positive kind .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  take a scalar python value and return a string representing the corresponding amazon dynamodb type .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  splits title into a title .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  change >> .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  create a directory and all its subdirectories .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the organization datasources .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  create an editor -> qaction .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  returns a list of collections .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  check if the csv file is valid .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  ensure   stored
truth:  ensure   #

test:  check for azure configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  returns a desired configuration dictionary for the given module .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extracts the value of a single form id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  turn on logs .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  replace   backported
truth:  replace   handlers

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   expect
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the d-link alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   temperature
truth:  displays   date

test:  normalizes a list of strings to a list of strings .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validates   switch
truth:  validates   list

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  loads an item from serialization and returns it .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   define
truth:  load   path

test:  check if the given flags .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  obtain a lock from the first lock of its id .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  finds   search
truth:  finds   d

test:  return the latest version of the latest page .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  packs an object into a boolean value .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  translate an application error to a datastore identity .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   capturing
truth:  translate   error

test:  dynamically load a class by invoking add_entry .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  calls callback in a function in a transaction .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  thin wrapper for stats .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  stats   been
truth:  stats   format

test:  delete an image .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  python 2 .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a value that can be used in a subshell process .
truth: get opt . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  deletes a specific set of times from the given inherited .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  convert a python l{int} name to a string of binary form .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  translate   sparks
truth:  translate   number

test:  updates global state when a task is reserved .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   currents
truth:  updates   state

test:  this provided blog sample from config also contain a .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  check whether log translations are [2] in source files .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   prioritized
truth:  -   messages

test:  schedules worker to a single worker .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  a prefix-based relpath .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  return a configured mirror space from volume name .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  constructs   aligns
truth:  constructs   volume

test:  maximum of array a and b .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  loads the module .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  set   mocks
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a map string for the given pdf game to a list of get_first_day .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned into command automatically .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   advised
truth:  wrap   commands

test:  build a variety of offset from a passed in by passing into a string .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  builds   utf-8
truth:  builds   argument

test:  returns true if this xblock has visibility limited to the required keys .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   bdecodes
truth:  returns   xblock

test:  returns a list of names from a file with the given file names .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  opens   wanted
truth:  opens   filename

test:  update the dmg makefile in the target .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   tabulate
truth:  update   makefile

test:  return a list of version-2 and name1: information for each minion cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  returns an instance of the cycles format that can be stored in the given format .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  loop   disallow
truth:  loop   identifiers

test:  returns the messages of the page that has the given name .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the vlanids vlanids .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  generate the number of comparison in the input string .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  kill the pid of a process .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  kill   snaps
truth:  kill   pid

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  returns a dictionary of of the mapping file each .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  processes   switch
truth:  processes   list

test:  checks if the given jid is a jid .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a tuple of cassandra .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  obtain   joins
truth:  obtain   cluster

test:  get boto list of patched steps .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns true if the field has reviewer .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  load a custom func .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  returns true if the given value is a list .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  adapted from url .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  returns a string of random characters of specified length .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  get the slice of input array .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  slice   releases
truth:  slice   axis

test:  adds a key to a url to the provided scheme .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  apply a batch of slices to a python frame .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  searches the tags of a specific list of tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  recreate   switch
truth:  recreate   list

test:  runs the command and returns its output .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the base domain part of the url .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  allow classpath to be used in a module and add to your discovery url .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using subquery eager loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   dotted
truth:  indicate   relationship

test:  return a list of all available files under a given directory .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test for issue crash .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  open a premature to start the executable in the currently selected client .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   unload
truth:  execute   client

test:  use source account to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  get the mongo options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  get a list of all namespaces from a file(s) container .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  split   labeled
truth:  split   file

test:  convert a column of column names into a treatments .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  get   mutate
truth:  get   column

test:  return filter by the given window .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  concatenate arrays horizontally .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  score score to push .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  return a link to the desired page if it has been logged .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  convert an image to a gapic .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

