test:  reorder a list of order .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  null   matching
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup rfxtrx instruments .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tensorflow tensorflow probes .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating chart data source from existing dataframe .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach total_watchers voters to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   export
truth:  attach   votes

test:  add a theme to the list of paths .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   locale

test:  guess autoescape template name for a template name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  get   guess
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert a fully paths or folder to a file path .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   path

test:  open the given file in a local file by reading the specified file .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  returns   open
truth:  function   function

test:  open a file from a resource file given a resource file .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   a

test:  delete a vhost vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get triangulated .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  record   prints
truth:  null   bottom

test:  return a screenshot of the number of image which have been input or capture the postfix lowercase for the given step .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run a program and return the program .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  run   zeros
truth:  if   path

test:  request a problem to be entrance as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  to   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  fixture to override this fixture with a celery celery .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  redefine   null
truth:  redefine   null

test:  decorator to be used only from scheduler .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a date format as a string .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  converts id into a beaker path to a beaker path to observations .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   task

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   homepage
truth:  null   home

test:  returns a list of largest distinct saturation .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  return the user and group names from the group .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  process   process

test:  this function handles a derivatives that has the average and are valid .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  set   a

test:  convert a long integer or special characters in a string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   remove
truth:  escape   a

test:  maximum absolute value for random variables .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  indices   covariance
truth:  null   covariance

test:  find if the specified value contains the given register location .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  find the indices of the indices in the given tree .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   indices
truth:  indices   indices

test:  disables a session .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  invalidate   logs
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   test

test:  fix the special text to make it usable in a query .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  apply   root
truth:  fix   line

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  search   check
truth:  check   check

test:  take a string and splits it into a list of query string .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  common logic for docker .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  run   run
truth:  null   logic

test:  return an absolute url from a file path .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  file   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the given request to a plain python request .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  request   request

test:  dont replaces windows time when toggle due to a specified time .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  function   function
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  perform estimator on y .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  function   one
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a classical x on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  reverse the following tasks of the first ordering of the data such that the first item in the tuple will be either a tuple or more .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  header   decode
truth:  given   null

test:  get the percentage of the expression .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a helper function .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  function   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  build a pattern for a specific patterns .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  take   build
truth:  build   a

test:  entry point for starting an a-z .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  command   entry
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   split
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task to start the current task slot .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  to   updates
truth:  start   start

test:  generate the credit: matrix that includes the senders value from the sklearn .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the manager manager that assert assert this is not implemented by the english .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to get the value of a specific request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  define a new :class: .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  define   null
truth:  defines   null

test:  check if a qt version is installed and has been replaced by os .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list servers servers backend haproxy backend haproxy stats backend to list of haproxy backend the socket socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  server   wrapper
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  the entry point for a given directory and all the files .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  walk   find
truth:  go   null

test:  return a file hash object according to the file given a list of file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  swap the case of the matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  matched   swap
truth:  swap   swap

test:  solves a system linear differential equations .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  outputs the first variable passed to the list of from: .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  huffman the unusable password in user folder by the unusable user .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  to   users
truth:  null   login

test:  compute square-free norm of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  executes the input bootstrap_icon .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  time   returns
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all backups belonging to a volume volume .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  press the keyboard button for volume up the keyboard keyboard button .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   press
truth:  press   press

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   endpoints
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  join a lambda function into a list of strings .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  wrap   return
truth:  builds   a

test:  test to ensure that task works as expected .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  test   graph
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  norm -> iterator return the norm of an array with all elements of x values such that the input values are not ordered .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  return   dot
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only returns the two dictionaries that are not in the two dictionaries .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  given   null

test:  take the value passed as the destination setting .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  take   null

test:  convert a sequence of length elements into a sequence .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  look up from calling shutdown and also threads thread .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  socket   entry
truth:  shuts   null

test:  get the name of the single module name .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  settings   version
truth:  returns   version

test:  get the class name for the given classname .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  null   long
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shut down the system .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   statement
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  returns a sorted copy of the elements in the data .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  null   s
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-deployer start a deployment in openshift for openshift .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup sidebar .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  setup   create
truth:  enable   enable

test:  generate a random password from the supplied alphabet .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  retrieve the absolute path to the same action .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set new deinterlace .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  marks and dont explode on api .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   api

test:  download a friendly error .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  download   astropy
truth:  run   run

test:  set the warning .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  header   sets
truth:  use   use

test:  return the given path to the given python sandbox .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  create   path
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  return true if slug is a numerical slug .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set vault in configuring service .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  retrieve the bridge from the proxied device .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  null   return
truth:  turn   a

test:  assert that the object is a certain attribute of the given object .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert a native set and return a python set .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  compute the dominating set s to the validates element and inter-cluster them to a directed graph .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  translate   add
truth:  finds   a

test:  remove small objects smaller than the binary objects this is still be added to the ansible binary and tells the sampling on the device .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  connected   remove

test:  returns the url for the given section or redirect to the given section .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disable the name of the user .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   factory
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  loop through the master root to prepend .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  prepend   a
truth:  null   null

test:  update an entry .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  set   encode
truth:  set   x

test:  return a list of elements to represent a sequence of pairs with a given partition .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  create   items
truth:  create   dask

test:  get the value of the named value .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  resolve   a

test:  returns a list of the phase with the given coordinate system .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  get   remote
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add a mock list to the output directory .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  create   null
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_explicit_no_context
truth:  expected   null

test:  gets a form class for the given django .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  form   form

test:  belongs the file belongs to the folder specified by the folder folder .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  file   a
truth:  if   null

test:  clear the rendered view .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  clear   up
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if specified port is a valid port .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  processes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of the nodes that are floyd .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  info about the pool .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  serializes   sequence
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  helper function to make the tests for a helper function .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  catch   up
truth:  replace   a

test:  show list of completion paths of the given config .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  return   return

test:  simple wrapper for exceeds an ec2 auth profile to the simple ec2 service .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  shared   a
truth:  set   up

test:  enqueue the call to the remote backend .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  function   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return the user email for a given email address .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  hashes   return
truth:  look   up

test:  shortcut for dot only one of the given module .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show legend for image .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  runs   show
truth:  function   function

test:  context manager that instantiates the current time .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  require   call
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  list of objects .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  extended   modules
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  formats   value
truth:  returns   a

test:  load an object from file .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  load   a

test:  update an imagemember or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  remove a value from gentoo_mirrors variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   add
truth:  remove   a

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  latex   latex
truth:  latex   latex

test:  display the first values of a searches .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  display   null
truth:  display   display

test:  set the current greenlet to the connection .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  update   update

test:  performs the diversity of a list of sequences on each dag .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  raises an exception if validate_class is not a handler .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  null   error
truth:  checks   a

test:  this should be used to flag an existing file or folder by compatibility .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   null
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the list of bits used for the formated formated point .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a group of filters: and a group .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  private method generates a data field of the given spider .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  null   return
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the list of all dependencies of the given operation .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  validates that the collection meets the given collection .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  check   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever within verbosity quotes and prevent groups quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  returns the task info of a task .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  raises   returns
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a timestamp string to a timezone-aware timestamp object .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a dict of nodes from the given graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  merge merge points into a rounds equation .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  pack a python data structure into a yaml file .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  raise   16bit
truth:  object   object

test:  fixture that returns a list of things that are only used with the tests tests .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  used   override
truth:  override   override

test:  create a new wsgi server .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  test uninstalling from svn .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  uninstalling   uninstalling
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  simple test function that returns the patterns patterns .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   dependencies
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  delete packages which were automatically installed as dependencies and is not required anymore jail to be installed in the command .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  export   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  helper function for pretty-printing the first kind of n core_2(n) .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sync returner modules from salt://_returners to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   state
truth:  sync   sync

test:  apache to the <url> at the given traceback .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  wrap   errors
truth:  null   null

test:  deserialize the contributors .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns an objects id for the given object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  return   replacement
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  factory that returns a string or a type .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   parameters

test:  create a new database with the given name .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  create   create
truth:  to   null

test:  validate and equality to python objects .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  leading   validate
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert native arguments to ndarray .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  expected   legacy
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns the most recently updated language bidi .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  override   override

test:  return the list of network devices .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  make   load
truth:  iterate   null

test:  wraps a function or method takes in a module and returns the original callable .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  null   functools

test:  get an esxi network device or list of network devices .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  run   run
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live live screenshot to live client .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string with markers converted to underscores str that need to be escaped for inclusion in a shell .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  escape   quote
truth:  insert   insert

test:  perform any import of the given ssl instance .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  function   return
truth:  reduce   null

test:  coerce value to a python object .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  function   value
truth:  null   psutil

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return python list of python objects for a template .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  searches   python

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  remove build .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns true if the given line has a arithmetic operator .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  serializes a value to json and encodes it using json .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  null   null
truth:  serializes   a

test:  creates a new show .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  return   show
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  decorator for either active imagecollection .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  wait   null

test:  extracts the xmodule urls from the javascript file and returns a list of xmodule urls .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  get   processes
truth:  returns   a

test:  sends an email .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  email   email

test:  returns list of all the given absolute path to the given host .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface returns an implementation of scores that an implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in p2g format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   graph
truth:  read   graph

test:  convert a value to a theano variable using theano variables .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  casts   a

test:  context manager that captures the given output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  updates a network acl for the given network .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  output   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  return the name of the given kind as a python value for the given kind .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  create the translated revision for a given document .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  migrate an old facts fact to a newer facts dict updated with the directory facts .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  run   resultant
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  test that you cant use list of use connected .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  test   up
truth:  log   log

test:  converts instance instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   linux

test:  this is a hash of css selectors selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  that can be used to counter .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the currently installed packages as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function to clone a temporary directory for a node .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  returns   add
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  convert order moments to cumulants as many cumulants as extract cumulants as possible .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  command   matrix
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse lists of key .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  pull   parses
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  test if the provided request is a valid domain object .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the usertypes status will automatically redirect to the usertypes .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  load   a
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  handle a calendar of result updates an existing calendar .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  update   update
truth:  persists   new

test:  return an absolute path to a resource in inspection .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   a

test:  safely remove the named file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return information about the netstat cli example: .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  return   traffic
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  helper function that yields the given vector of os .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  run   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  insert a new query into the database .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  call   up
truth:  null   generic

test:  given a list of tuples of tuples .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  concatenate   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a list of tags for the current list of tags .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  remove files & run a network .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  get sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  return   sys
truth:  get   sys

test:  compute binary representation of binary image .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a file-like object from a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  return a list of all functions and their plugins .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  set   return
truth:  get   get

test:  writes an option to a new document .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  write   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string in a time using a supported format .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  converts a string argument to a continuous string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  converts   value
truth:  print   print

test:  main function for selecting the xrds property .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  null   new
truth:  to   null

test:  image data that is a model class .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the average at a time at center_nodes in a graph .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  displays the most recently added rotation .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with a rayleigh distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   modules
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  projects a full site .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  null   network
truth:  list   site

test:  view for additional units .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  endpoint   handle
truth:  null   entry

test:  return all the input variables .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  objects   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  entry point for the next function .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  resolve   a

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  encode a binary string into unicode .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  zoom in a single image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to decoded callbacks and a custom lock .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  define   get
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  validate and return response if raise a cache exception .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get unit changes .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   units

test:  find the binary number of type corresponding to a function .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  given   a

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  this filter is designed to check for each entry in a list of items .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  test that passing a censure image where the image contains a color color .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  verify   image
truth:  null   censure

test:  takes the current dataset value and ) of a dataset .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  add   add

test:  compact the contents of a python object .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load the scores from the given directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  loads   app
truth:  return   a

test:  extend django resources to only resources that were changed .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  select   session
truth:  null   reload

test:  return the first element of a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  the *tag* parameter .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  recursively get all python data files from global package .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct location for the specified cluster .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load sequence of unicode bytes from file .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   imports
truth:  load   load

test:  this function takes a set of nodes that are used for guess guess and a set of function statistics for each node .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file from the destination to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   move
truth:  moves   null

test:  detects all example in the review file .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   a

test:  collect the list of entries in a condition .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  func   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  unsubscribe watching a watch .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  set the http database for the current http requests .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   script
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   find

test:  restart all traffic server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a sysadmin .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  commits the transaction manager and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  does   commits
truth:  changes   changes

test:  call the function with the given hold .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  update   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return false if any minifier succeeds are found in seqids .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  make   generator
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the sync permissions are saved .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   set
truth:  ensure   null

test:  user tries to admin group - not attempting to access the admin .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert iso 8601 format string into the db-api date string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a list of :class:path objects based on the single root of the given sequence of reconstruct .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can undefined steps passed to steps .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  lettuce   scenario
truth:  null   scenario

test:  create a rsync .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  returns   example
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  turn a string into a tuple that is .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   version

test:  convert from an integer to a binary .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return the cumulative distribution function of *x* .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  joins   return
truth:  null   null

test:  view function for getting the new set of available event .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  converts a host data structure to hex host data structure .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generic function which will return the full output code for the given output code .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  error   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given user is registered with a registered user .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  default   windows
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all configured floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the exceptions .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  this function provides a list of binary statuses for a given target .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  execute   one
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  create a new command with a given name .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  sets   convert
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  shows configure file .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  go   up
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the average value from the current extended point .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a intelligently protobuf to the absolute path of the file for providers into a package .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  update file and put the old config into the list of filenames .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  write   update
truth:  update   head

test:  return sass <url that need to be available as environments .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  split   helper
truth:  list   list

test:  handle the result of a single line .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  block   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  obtain a route path from the given path or if one exists .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an ipv6 key with the given secret .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  config   create
truth:  computes   a

test:  given an otu map file handle .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  map   function
truth:  list   list

test:  this page processes .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  code   add
truth:  is   null

test:  return an absolute source for a given file .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  import a dotted path given a path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  import   check
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the checksum of the file .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  returns   no
truth:  null   version

test:  install a capability capability args: capability : the capability to install image to install image : the capability args: image : the capability to install windows update for the capability
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   add
truth:  install   a

test:  flip the image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  runs   image
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  retrieves the base lun name for a provider .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  to   return
truth:  base   base

test:  check to see if the specified package is available cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  search for all the python related files to the given directory .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  install a solicitation .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  install   filename
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  get the item from the course .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  used   returns
truth:  obtains   null

test:  determine if the value given header or contains casava .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return disk usage in a given path as a dictionary .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  given   a

test:  return the containers and known containers .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_list .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  null   parameter_type_list
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  build the clonespec config object .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  scale the carving .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  scale   a
truth:  null   bottom

test:  remove wtforms that have the corresponding keyset between values .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  turns   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  this is a helper function for the twitters twitters and gaps a gaussian list of pairs of the output bytesio .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  start   a
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns the number of keys to the given module .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  list   up
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture that mocks an fixture to be run at the end of the test suite .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  find all classes in the given selector and items .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  find   version
truth:  query   a

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  regression test for pyspider .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   kinds

test:  map an image in the shared layer .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  try   endpoint
truth:  is   null

test:  the most files that was uploaded with a given name .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  function   function

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assign a scheduled aug .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  assign   format
truth:  create   lhs

test:  takes the output of the two list_ops .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the list of features associated with a given feature .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  reading   prints
truth:  get   get

test:  commodity channel index .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   gap
truth:  flow   flow

test:  search for a list of modules in the same order .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  files   return
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  constant_expression_opt   null
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture to patch fake context .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  require   multiple
truth:  null   a

test:  a helper function that takes the args and converts it into a string .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a dataset from a dataset .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   up

test:  get all defined networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file is an path on the filesystem .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten a list of lists into one level of lists .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  set up the updater alarm control panel platform .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  initialize   null

test:  only load if pyrax libs are present .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  return   load
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   one
truth:  scan   one

test:  test psdestimator .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday -- does <series> -- gets handlers on the first command .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of distance matrix applicable to rankvals .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  are   calculate
truth:  tie   correction

test:  retrieve the status of a certain task id .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  list   options
truth:  returns   status

test:  main entry point for the {ips: .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   a
truth:  input   input

test:  normalize a path to a file .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convenience function to create a new identity id and return the global config .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  compute the average index of the node pairs in ebunch .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  repeat the timer to be the sections sections .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   lookup
truth:  function   function

test:  translate a shell-like pattern in a shell-like pattern .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  test a regression test for globs .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  patch   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  return true if *obj* is a dict .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return the value of the plugin manager .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  obtain   a

test:  retrieve system state defined in the chassis .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  if   null

test:  apply function to dictionary and return the result dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  gets a list of all the keywords with a given long .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  to   null

test:  given a query string .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the display of the current block .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  displays   a

test:  check that the keys in the group is the group .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  has   null

test:  ensure that the configured snmp traps is enabled .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  returns sample sample data relative to mf .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  displays the selected output .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  fetches   returns
truth:  displays   null

test:  given a soap class .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   int
truth:  parses   a

test:  generate input from the user or continuous image .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  look   returns
truth:  generate   generate

test:  takes the settings of the settings dict .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  prefix   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  function that converts the value of gamma to cubehelix .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  return   ansi
truth:  return   custom

test:  prepare fancyarrow dpi .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  validate   plot
truth:  function   function

test:  will return configured projects from apps .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  return   build
truth:  filter   filter

test:  spawn the contents of one stream .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  function   method
truth:  spawn   a

test:  returns prefix .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  union   index
truth:  null   null

test:  change the users full name cli example: .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  password   change
truth:  set   set

test:  check that all indices have unique indices given an axis .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  kill the installed jobs .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  this view is designed to get requests .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a new messages with the given name and code to each of the generated from the server .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  take a null encoded string and returns the right token value .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  return   normalize
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the cpu is in the list of cpu times .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  strided that he/she of the sampled loss function .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  handles   spatial
truth:  weighted   null

test:  only work on systemd systems .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  set   work
truth:  work   work

test:  iterate over all of the instance in the module .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  perform a replacement of resource .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  parse   one
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get an indexed grid from the grid grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes items from memcache and entities .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  instantiate   entities
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  takes a shipment xml element and creates a comma-separated element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   up
truth:  create   a

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  ensure that the named ip arguments: method : the host that a rule host exists .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  load   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dict of fieldname -> infodict for the given inputs .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  function   null
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  helper function that returns true if given stream is valid .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  if   matching
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transforms any exceptions that ignore the exceptions to be thrown .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  move   decorator
truth:  transforms   a

test:  patch arguments for ansible .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  patch   replace
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  this view shows the list of best a string to render a response .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  returns   call
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  retrieve the http http url for a given url .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invalidates the hash for a given module .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  the function to tokenize inputs from the proxies .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  return   a

test:  build a collection to a collection .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   build

test:  get a height x that will create a height of height that will use the vbench .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute the accuracy of two random data .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   classification

test:  return paths paths to file .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  return   paths

test:  validate and vandenberghe values for platform .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function to decide which args are for a function .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  to   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  tries to find a country from a country table in the db .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  get   current
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  save an application token to the ae key .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  create   set
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return a list of names in the modules folder .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse http response for a "start" response .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  given   a

test:  create an text block for a given name .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check to see if there is a role for any role .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the description of a path .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  iterate over all possible pairs .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  generate   number
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format the given list of class arguments in a buffer to the system .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  translate   loops
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure expressions can produce integers .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  configure the floating point number of available floating point .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  setup   example
truth:  null   a

test:  loads saved playlist .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  populate   null
truth:  open   playlists

test:  get user information .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if filename is a syncfile .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   framework

test:  modify the custom matlab method .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  modify   script
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  returns the value of the minimum coords .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  requests   null
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an s3 deleter results .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of targets in the target .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute a action function in the given instance .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  issue   representation
truth:  execute   a

test:  get the list of bug that have the given number of projects .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return the largest cpu time frequency .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  get   convert
truth:  given   a

test:  return the ipv6 address interpretation of a .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the currently logged-in user has staff-level for the specified permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  turns a kegg enzyme file into a single blast object .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a dictionary of license titles to be run using the rackconnect .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   process
truth:  returns   a

test:  quote an argument .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete an application by name .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  extract the response from the given response and properly having it .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  errors   response
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  function that will store the most recent table .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  function   data
truth:  function   function

test:  for our actually statistical backend for an optional optional class .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  make   unicode
truth:  tests   tests

test:  clean up the library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  null   monkey
truth:  null   style

test:  build the external id for a given product id .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  set the process in the current request .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function for :func:dup_decompose .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of longer-running jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  control   control
truth:  test   job

test:  redirect to the keyboard to the custom auth form .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  redirects   view
truth:  if   null

test:  compute the sympy product of the sympy matrix .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a 40 cli example: .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  do not display the options .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  searches for the directory where a given file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  search   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  return true if the given release is a release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  new code for calculating the galaxy test .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  test   null
truth:  mock   mock

test:  create the default folder .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  creates   new
truth:  create   a

test:  alternative alternative for continuous variables parameters axis : ndarray the regression in which the 1d triangular of observations in the magnitude .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  null   error
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  return the versioned type for a resource type .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check that source is inside the source space .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  asserts   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  this function takes a list of slices and an array of slices and returns a chunk of slices .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  remove file or directory from windows .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  output   send
truth:  create   create

test:  asserts two or not a diff of data .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  verify   implementation
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  divide maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   run
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  iterate over the corpus in a file path .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an event on an event .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  register   register

test:  list configured users .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create and return an absolute url .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  make   null

test:  parse composites parts of the last node: to a dict .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wait for a vm to be directly on a server .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   call
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname identifier for use with format .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a string to a numeric part .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  extracts   s
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serialize an exception in the given traceback and properly information .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  dump   dumps
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  return true if linux command exists .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  ip   null
truth:  does   a

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  attempts to compute the metadata from a normal distribution .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  null   blknos
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to refer from another .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  configure the default reactor to start reactor reactor .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  run   everything
truth:  start   start

test:  projects an abstract node to a node .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  null   a
truth:  context   context

test:  return an "s" if the value is not a set of arrays .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return information about a pickle file as a pickle file .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  to   try
truth:  pickled   load

test:  setup logging for the script .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  file   logging
truth:  sets   up

test:  restful crud controller - needed to allow searching for people by s3siteautocompletewidget .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  removes whitespace from text and newline characters .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  leading   norm
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  returns the wavefunction r_{nl} of the rational function .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  marks   sample
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return available boot location cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a notification via a topic .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  create a new triggerdb db or update db if one doesnt exist .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  receivable view .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a qrectf name to a pathname .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the integer bruno ascii values for the first kind .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  determines if a dictionary can be used as a dictionary .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  retrieve pdb .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  run   document
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a dev request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  a factory that returns a template object with the given context .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  mock   dumps
truth:  return   a

test:  asserts that the given index and set the given index is present within the specified product .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  grab global state settings for the user .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  null   example
truth:  show   show

test:  returns true if the given device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  submit barcodes for the across across the user .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  appends   user
truth:  submits   a

test:  deserialize blobs from csf type .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  forbids   injection
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the value corresponding to a given instance label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a configuration from the docker configuration .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  tag   tag

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  null   link
truth:  creates   classes

test:  decorator to indicate that the list of being stripped and the first value .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   a

test:  handle trivial cases from gcd using gcd .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  trivial   handle
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via env .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  consume   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  reshapes an operator .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  create new in-memory submission .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  saves   signal
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if minion matches the given grain_pcre target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fetch local s3 by id or raise if it does not exist .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  to   a
truth:  find   find

test:  solves a system of two bivariate solution .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks up values as a 5-tuple level constraint constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this function replaces a class or a dictionary of the form: form: in a dictionary .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the first 1-norm of a matrix .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator which exempts the decorated function from nickname and hostname .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  time   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  open a file in a python file and return the descriptor .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the packs input stream based on the provided stream .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  empty   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  look for a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  control   run
truth:  strip   a

test:  test bug bug when url works as expected .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  helper function that creates an adapter and __doc__ the certificate credentials for the given host .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  create   null
truth:  provides   a

test:  this function returns true if the console has a file .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return all the plugins in the given plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  runs   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  convert absolute path to absolute path .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  convert   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns the xblocks xblocks category for a particular topic .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes the template hash and returns a dict of commands .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   commands

test:  translate an object into a dictionary .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple echo hierarchy of text to hierarchy .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  output   use
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  read raw fif data attached to file .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  read   estimate
truth:  function   function

test:  add a observer to a given attribute name .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  add   method
truth:  register   target

test:  returns the program that is equal to the same system as the appropriate locations for .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns the default currency .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  use   use

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  close the event for matplotlib components .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  close   function
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the number of processes that have been added; from the process to send in the next available .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  to   get
truth:  to   connect

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the path to the dacl .
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  enable   inheritance
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  returns a single dns dn or mintracklength: dn .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator to set a result of a method .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  inspect docinfo and weblog a new one of the first change to the warning warning .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  fixes   inspect
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  finds all the root collections .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  null   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  ensures that fix .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  test   test

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  queues a system email for a user .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  change   a
truth:  queues   a

test:  load a index or stream and return index .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that the recalculate_subsection_grade parameters obj: : the same time .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy app access to app engine apis .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  gets   method
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filename of the cache for bucket contents .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a utc such as returned by the starting function .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  null   return
truth:  multiply   a

test:  create an upload url for a file .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  starts   upload
truth:  upload   upload

test:  creates a directory atomically .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  will update modified timestamp on the provided objects on the provided objects on the wrapped function when the wrapped type .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  to   sets
truth:  update   update

test:  copy given descriptor to one or more doctype .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  update the currently selected status .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  return   return
truth:  update   update

test:  evaluate the expression of the expression given the expression .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  match   product
truth:  see   null

test:  return the value of a variable .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  selects   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if n and g/nodes are a lucas .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   lucas

test:  returns true if the current desktop gtk arguments: gtk : the name of the desktop file in the desktop .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a url string based on the scheme passed to the port .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  dss_sigscheme a list of the minimums .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  find   helper
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator that makes http auth auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  look through the minion cache file for a match .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  find   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a list of urllib2 identifiers from the url .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  given   a
truth:  url   url

test:  used for testing .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  give a list of page where the user can get the page exists .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  setting the client to the latest version .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  upgrades   object
truth:  update   update

test:  decorator that checks if the current user can play an exploration to play service .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add an features object to the list of features .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  float   a
truth:  add   add

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk are marked as a relative path for factors .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  save   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  return the full path of the current operating system .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  default   default
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  create   paste
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test timeit special special special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  write a gpio to a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  fix the unicode code .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  fixed   return

test:  disconnect all .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  disconnect   start
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  load the specified urls from a 'visual' data .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  load   generate
truth:  get   path

test:  return true if the given writable string is gzip .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  runs   unicode
truth:  is   null

test:  add intersections inside the x intersection segment if it does the x intersections inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  cast   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  notify   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return an ssh key for the given just returns an exception .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  sessions the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  pause   uninstall
truth:  return   return

test:  list all the names within a show namespace .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  list   list
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns a url to represent a particular user from a users user .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  accepts   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse mac address out of mac address or none .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parse   deserialize
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a float from an contents of filename .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  use this decorator to override properties from http conventions .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  to   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  helper function for flattening iterables of 3 converts scipy into gdnt value .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert an integer to a python value .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  function   check
truth:  to   null

test:  explicitly fix an tracking name .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  replace   fix
truth:  null   locale

test:  create a list of the ostypes args: ostypes : ostypes a list of strings representing the ostypes items returns: boolean .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  checks that the object is a valid condition of a given object .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the inset inset loops .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  return   method
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  performs a power power power power .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  configure   return
truth:  null   one

test:  guess the first parsed email .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  to   try
truth:  given   a

test:  simple test for shutil .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  is   frappe
truth:  if   null

test:  parses an entry .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   object
truth:  returns   returns

test:  predict false for false .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute content and the leading monomial of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   bandwidth
truth:  return   return

test:  return an integer or an integer .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  count   null
truth:  check   check

test:  attach bare returned by the response .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  attach   truncate
truth:  attach   response

test:  test that reader works with .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  context manager that tries to get the list of info about the given path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  hps the date of the execution of a sound stocenv: yhfreq or numpy array .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  scaling   scaling
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  read in the cache file and return the content .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  reads   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the index from the index lists .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns an absolute url for the given site .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   category

test:  merge a dict and converts the supplied dictionary into a dictionary .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   replace
truth:  merge   merge

test:  remove applications of download .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  removes   null

test:  clear all available regions for the amazon thread .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  store   null
truth:  tear   null

test:  returns all elements of the given node with the given node .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return list of png chunks .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the cliques cliques of the graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a value from makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute the binary entropy of two tensors .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  returns   crossentropy
truth:  computes   binary

test:  fix classification of the created operators .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  transform   returns
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  read a name from file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  code   code

test:  a context manager that hidsums extra blocks .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  convert a a1 in cell notation to a string .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  reset the given command to the device .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  dipole potential integration to yiq .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   null

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  test   test

test:  create a field matching the given name .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  return the location and value of the unity .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  decode   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the number of opening a string .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  function   a
truth:  format   a

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a numpy array to a string .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   converter

test:  returns the configuration of the rpm config .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud organisation .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  time   config
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get the current schema value of the current user .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  enable two individuals from the input individuals .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  apply   a

test:  return a list of dictionaries describing the given list of dictionaries .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  start   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the ship of the series exp of the series exp .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  sum   sum

test:  how many times does not have an ipython shell shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  task time slot stop page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  null   check
truth:  stop   stop

test:  handle the certificate by resetting out of a certificate .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  figure   figure

test:  add an image to color space on the hsv .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  password   color
truth:  color   color

test:  encrypt the given request object .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the service account for the given service .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   need
truth:  get   service

test:  returns true if the given user can edit the given model .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of all the renewal modules which have been run in the current context .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  reads   get
truth:  build   build

test:  test when new .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   null
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  calculates the content of the api identified to the given api .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  detects   a
truth:  null   api

test:  parse the argument into a token .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  numpy implementation of the softmax function .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  return a union of two elements contained within a and b .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  does   null

test:  get the non-salt for the given path or back .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper for the building .
truth: two branches . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   branches

test:  parse a configuration file into a configuration .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the class of the given object .
truth: return method class . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  return   method

test:  mean detrend activation function .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   x

test:  local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  subtract   return
truth:  return   image

test:  return readonly indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parses a count .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parses   a

test:  predicate predicate .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  load manifest from all python source files .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  load   config
truth:  update   update

test:  a simple html formated return the string with the new runtime .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  lowercase   render
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all of the available state modules in this environment cli example: .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  change the currect of the given job id .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  change   change
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return true if num is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   test

test:  return connection info dict .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  loop   information
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if a given renewal needs to be run in the windows .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  if   in
truth:  if   check

test:  gets the mnist dataset and the unitary .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  creates a directed clique bipartite bipartite graph from all node and its node .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raise an exception if the exception is not raise an exception .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  lay   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the n-th n-th coefficient of n .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  generate   n
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape to unicode .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  convert   none
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test reactive reactive without transform attributes .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   reactive
truth:  test   reactive

test:  enable masquerade on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  force   remove
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  return content from file .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  content   content
truth:  read   read

test:  given a document .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format items with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  iterates   list
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  ion interactive mode .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  parse an ipv4 address in human readable format into internal representation .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   mac
truth:  convert   mac

test:  changing changing .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  helper to read the scale subject to a subjects .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  function   a
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  create a single chain of mine on a chain of rounds work .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  null   mine

test:  get the ground value from a and return the ground location of the values in the repo .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  pops   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deletes content and create them .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  delete   strips
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the knn function used to calculate the knn forms .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} external dependencies:: virtual package resolution requires aptitude .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone naive if the default timezone is naive .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  reboot a domain .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  look   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  given the current application .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parses   text
truth:  parse   parse

test:  given a torrent directory .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  null   a
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  convert a string to a chunk .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  sort   return
truth:  encode   a

test:  get chain starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  prompt the user to display a value .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  ask   prompt
truth:  based   null

test:  compute greatest factorial factorization of f in k[x] .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a continuous random sampling or its rslice rslice .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  perform   time
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the http thread for http request .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  constructs   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return information on open ports .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  find a pem representation of a string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  function   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return the value of the vms .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   permissions
truth:  change   change

test:  execute the command and return an output .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  execute   run
truth:  run   +

test:  verify a message .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   one
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a list of the items that represent the given suffix .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  utility function to get the page url string .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  given   null

test:  writes the log file at the given log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  writes   log
truth:  log   log

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  given an iterable of categorical -> none .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  displays   a

test:  gets a time value in milliseconds with a given string .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  time   time
truth:  given   a

test:  check if we can skip this module .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  return   handle
truth:  if   check

test:  inverted hammer .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  modified   null

test:  select a different vhost header based on the host header in the request header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   a
truth:  select   a

test:  and states are wrapper wrapper for calling states and wrapper .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  header   search
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create a zigbee pair of file names .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a string from a list of codons .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  verbose   run
truth:  generate   generate

test:  computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  null   loss
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   api

test:  returns root element of given doctype .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  name   up
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  replacement for cinder with element id with the given shown id .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  load a file containing email aliases from a list of configcat .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  send   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  only load if zc .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   change
truth:  return   statistics

test:  creates an opener object for given config .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  create   null
truth:  build   a

test:  insert a pipeline into the given pipeline .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  inserts   parses
truth:  if   null

test:  find the tag .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  return   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return the slice of the source line identified by the source code .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  shorten   data
truth:  separate   line

test:  redirects the given location and returns a location .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  forces   redirect
truth:  to   redirects

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  import a class by name and return the class instance .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return the pub key to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filter out the data items from the block of a particular block .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  used internally to execute nothing .
truth: just return . 
test:  used   reset
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a ticket from the specified parameters .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  creates the recaptcha challenge for the given field .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  has   returns
truth:  submits   a

test:  set a parameter in param and return a llvm value .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  make   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a network range given the last address and last ip address .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  accepts a dict with notes and their notes in the given document .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all modules defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager that captures the given temporary mode .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the dte sensor .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert from a text to a normal dict and link with an xblock clever .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  given   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  check the registered agent is managing .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  null   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read the input input into a gpio .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  keeps   a
truth:  read   a

test:  a feature with the actual header in the header list .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   step
truth:  running   background

test:  view tool groups of a directed server group names .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  override   returns
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns true if and only if the given threshold graph is a threshold threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the manifest for it it consume .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  take   null

test:  group an iterator by calling its current message by func_to_retry .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  remove all courses or course action for the course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the date url for the given url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  fill   lookup
truth:  bounce   a

test:  renders the media for the template tag for the given object .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  outputs   template
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  get the virtual virtual directory path for the duration of the bootstrap .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  bootstrap   build
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  retrieve the docker client client by the cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  to   get
truth:  open   a

test:  get the host from the specific dotted hostname or dotted if it doesnt correspond to or dotted .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  given   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  determine whether a string is invalid .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  given   null
truth:  determine   reason

test:  loads a certificate from certificate and handle the expiry certificate .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  function   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz layout .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  return   node
truth:  create   node

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   document
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  raise   method
truth:  to   method

test:  since that the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  popup text to the popup of the text .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  search for filtering in grains .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  file   convenience
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the host and name .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  get   find
truth:  null   way

test:  returns the score values from the given submissions .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  local server is not even if the server is not set .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  decorator which skips the given condition in condition .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  does   decorator
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove the @foo and teardown tokens .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test updating the meta data for an existing cache entry .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  writes the contents of the given file .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  register an image into the topojson format .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  register   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  create   create

test:  implement minimum of a set of numbers to a .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  computes   x
truth:  null   null

test:  find common paths in the given roots of trainable .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  virtual gce to the instance .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  function   null
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  get the path from loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   segments

test:  extracts the date from a piece of a python object .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  format   object
truth:  null   a

test:  test that moto to/from instance is invalid by js .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  displays currently configured build step .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  build   generate
truth:  list   muting

test:  get the current idle key setting for the given user .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   homepage
truth:  get   get

test:  return a tuple of the names and function names .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  handler to construct a function or a handler on a specific arguments or a handler function .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  were   null

test:  return the html page index for the given criteria .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  rule : rule | rule | rule minus rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  generate nodes of a directed graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  clone a repo .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  starts   one
truth:  clones   a

test:  uses the csr to create a csr .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  create   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the softmax expansion of the given list of values .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a bytestring to a unicode string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  string   data
truth:  to   try

test:  this function checks if git url belongs to a given commit .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  null   jose
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  using junipers policy from address .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  use   network
truth:  to   connect

test:  this is a toy example for display .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  create   trace
truth:  check   spelling

test:  compute the negative kl divergence of the continuous divergence .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   loss
truth:  computes   null

test:  generates the staff auth of the browser that a course has been marked as the given browser .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  deletes   username
truth:  logout   logout

test:  returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  detects whether the input is a system of the surface of a set of strings .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  test the multi-class error index of iba .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return the views specified by user .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if the given object is an abstract builtin .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  return   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  test git with two "names" pointing to the same commit .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   backend
truth:  backend   backend

test:  if the user is logged in .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the undirected edge set in the edges .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   minimum

test:  from an int .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  verify   strips
truth:  return   return

test:  return an rgb image with its w and spaced rows .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  move   find
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  unquote -> string return a string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a test that marks the list of installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build and return a firewall token for it .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  build   build
truth:  return   return

test:  binds part of the message if it isnt already .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  value   items
truth:  null   null

test:  test that digits report is the digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   performance

test:  returns the number of words in the given class .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  float   null
truth:  null   python

test:  retain media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  convert   media
truth:  retain   a

test:  transform a list of urls into a page .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  ensure that when a user is created .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  creates   signal
truth:  adds   null

test:  verifies that the fasta scores contains only qual scores .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  parse and return an archive; header .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  get   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves the existing setting to a specific file .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  save   null
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a list of sequences that share with the current labeled labeled labeled labeled .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  takes   compute
truth:  print   print

test:  convert a :class:~matplotlib .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  given an easter .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  given   field
truth:  convert   a

test:  the same tree .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  split   a
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a cython double complex to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  adds a route table to the given route .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  given   updates
truth:  replaces   a

test:  get the old environment from the environment (which had been previously set by the memcache middleware .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  list the virtual networks .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  list   queue
truth:  return   a

test:  counts the results of a trashed .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  sets   status

test:  replaces all changed requirements .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  context   update
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get new and save kind and save counts .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  create   get
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  question   question
truth:  question   question

test:  parse lists into tuple .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a response for the specified error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  shows the most appropriate migration for a specific configuration file .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  post   index
truth:  executes   null

test:  looks for a package in the specific package .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  test to ensure that hugs type successfully works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  loads a batch of data into a batch .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   utility

test:  parse a string and return a tuple .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  string   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  database connection .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   null

test:  download the latest latest artifacts from the access folder .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   workflow
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator to indicate that a method is a task to be used in tasks .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  concatenate elements in parallel .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  concatenate   elements
truth:  join   join

test:  return a new randomized domain .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates and returns an instance of the given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wsgi wsgi application function .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  start   wsgi
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check that the structure is available on this host .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  if   check
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local connectivity between nodes and v .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize a new api connection .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the support for a given tree .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  performs   returns
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  print lower renewablecert to the host .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  blocks   unpack
truth:  print   print

test:  related to the current user .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  format   sleep
truth:  updates   updates

test:  when qwebsettings .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  null   part
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics about the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  runs   runs

test:  remove all duplicates from this list .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  the inverse of leaks tests raises a boolean .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the string location of the cat for an xfs document .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  format   correlation
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if a user is enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  activate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  transform a vector into a keras tensor .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic 3-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add x path output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   y
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot the system at the system at the system .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  this returns the restful handler for xblock to display .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  modify a databases from a mysql server cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  extended   null
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  get the path to the python build isnt isnt if it isnt at .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the queryset of a given request .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  get   check
truth:  function   function

test:  does this node have a given node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   collar
truth:  add   collar

test:  adjust the first kind of cyclic 1 .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  return   create
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compute exponential correlation model correlation coefficient .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  correlation   null
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  output json object describing vm vm : string vm to be targeted type : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  output   information
truth:  lookup   info

test:  retrieve the contents of the linux distribution .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a set consisting .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a review request to a commit request .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse the initial results of a collection of items into a list of mf .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this finds the closest matches to the last matches from a file .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  function   average
truth:  get   get

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  replace   escape
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  context manager that displays the messages of the context .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  record   method
truth:  context   context

test:  check to see if a folder exists .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  if   check

test:  quote the args for a sequence of args .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  decorator converts a caller function into a decorator that converts a caller function into a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  run patches .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  make   patches
truth:  run   a

test:  test that all associated with all functional mail .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  assert   stack
truth:  test   test

test:  displays a new account .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  be   null

test:  return an certificate runs the certificate in this certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  to   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   a

test:  get ancestor random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   ancestor
truth:  get   parent

test:  returns the release representation for a user this year .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure that the named grafana password is present .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensure   new
truth:  ensures   null

test:  given a list of integers .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  null   get
truth:  sample   num

test:  deletes a new config .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  config   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  see offset .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  estimate   try
truth:  model   model

test:  test for a bug file syntax from words .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrades all packages via opkg upgrade returns a dictionary containing the changes: .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  upgrades   upgrade
truth:  run   a

test:  close all objects .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  close   method
truth:  clears   null

test:  ensure that the redirect to function works as expected .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the given sequence of elements of given sequence .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  attempt to commit the repository to the given repository .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  short   get

test:  computes the distance between x and vectors .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  break   number
truth:  produces   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper method for handling get list of existing user fields .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  to   get
truth:  starting   starting

test:  evaluate a markov function asking a multivariate gaussian distribution parameters coeffs : array_like the residual variance or svd prettyprinted : array_like the multivariate gaussian + .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generates   a

test:  change certificate in a course .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  null   matches
truth:  list   list

test:  converts any given object to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  obj   obj

test:  return a large string representing the basis of a mailcap string .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  encoding   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is a string or unicode .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  returns a cursor .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  null   handler

test:  retrieve a blob from a path .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand settings .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  centers lr .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculates   version
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  update   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  set the courses for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  simple cluster .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  profile   =
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  extract user messages from an object .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  load a csv file by removing it as a numpy array .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   csv

test:  return the default version of the installer .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that an error is raised if given a non-existing by errors .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  null   up
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test signals with the same arguments as the answer signal .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a serialization version of obj .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  iterate   object
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  points   rotate
truth:  transform   transform

test:  convert voxel into firmwarefile .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  clear the hold records .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  set   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse the options starting with a list of options .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  atom   atom

test:  create the dir if it does not exist .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a new computenode with the given css gradient .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   support
truth:  create   a

test:  get path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return form of current request .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  return   get
truth:  if   current

test:  loop across stdin options that arent in the user .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return raw discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  create   return
truth:  return   inverse

test:  gets the info for the specified user .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  bitsource how long .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  format   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  test a simple bar chart .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  test   addition
truth:  null   bar

test:  converts a string into a unicode object .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   a
truth:  forces   a

test:  a simple wrapper for the element from a dict .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  perform   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  assign an md5 hash to the add-on of the file .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  generate   call
truth:  using   encoder

test:  decorator that instantiates exceptions and returns the result of the given method .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  do   manager
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can publish the page to the page loaded .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return a list of the names used in the cloud provider .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  ireport restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 2d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns the storage device .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   run
truth:  test   test

test:  move to specific cover tilt .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  cache-ing version corresponds to value value .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  null   data
truth:  return   bottom

test:  write summary header info to socket file .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  write   deserialize
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  source: android or downloads its file from url .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  downloads   workflow
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively reorder entries .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  same as context .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if the given id exists .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  execute   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the leading coefficient of f from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   return
truth:  subtract   null

test:  for accessing backends .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  select   null

test:  load the original mnist data and tests .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the spectral ordering of a directed graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  update the value of a vote lookups .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  store   info

test:  decorator that checks if the user has access to the given course .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs an interactive python application in the context of a given context .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns true if string is a netmask .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stubs out the script or if it doesnt exist .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the path to the directory of the given template directory .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a value in the log reference .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  given   a

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  raises a ~astropy if the given library is installed .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  standard deviation .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  function   function
truth:  mutate   null

test:  rq command .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  execute   command
truth:  null   script

test:  very simple convenience function to check if a string that just a properly formatted using characters .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  logs a module attribute .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert special characters < 100 but the fixed special characters in the given string .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test a np .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  given a log for temp .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  align   access
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail the test if the expression doesnt fail the expression .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  context   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  list all objects currently being created .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  select   return
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function to extract the time from a student .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  labels   returns
truth:  label   label

test:  write a tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the given number is a two feed .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  takes   check
truth:  if   null

test:  content from the given directory .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  ensure   convert
truth:  merge   directory

test:  help function to help e-mail the help start page .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  stream   html
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates the url for handlers that use usage_keys as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  find   null
truth:  function   function

test:  a linear b-spline function .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  for classes that match the given text .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  pack   upgrade
truth:  add   add

test:  write the stl activity stable activity table .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  null   group
truth:  determine   null

test:  computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  gcd   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  a convenience function that takes the capa_module: playlist to mpd and returns a standard playlist .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  format   playlist

test:  verifies if the certificate has a value from a matching extension .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  if   check
truth:  assert   assert

test:  decorates a function or function to be called via a job .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   a

test:  yield unique items in order .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  return   return

test:  module function to hash a password .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  this decorator allows flexible type-based compilation of a function or method as an alpha argument that return a driver driver .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  raise an error if there is any of the message to log in the specified option .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  raise   error
truth:  log   log

test:  shift the elements of the elements of the given matrix - ignores to the lower triangular of the values of the elements includes .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  add cluster to schemaentries .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   status
truth:  set   status

test:  get data from network database .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  works specific file .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  matches   script
truth:  imports   data

test:  autogen wrapper with prettier .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  create   a
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  rolls back the list of l{os as real-order and lab2 requiring the matrix parameters xfms : list of sums coefficients .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  find   return
truth:  insert   identity

test:  look for unit tests .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  swap   null
truth:  loads   everything

test:  return an handler for the given provider .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  is   call
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to get access a context from the database .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   a

test:  reshapes an input variable without copy .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  cast   work
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir or system path .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   file
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : list sep field_seq | literal .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  makes the tree tree from function to corresponding functions list .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  return   function
truth:  takes   a

test:  return partition data from zenoss .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  get   path
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert s to float or raise .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  coerce   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  thin wrapper around l{deferred}-using .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  add   method
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test inv_efunc class with a class with a class .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a charset to the enriched iso 8601 format .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   function
truth:  add   character

test:  closes the editor of a editor .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  deinstalls   null
truth:  called   null

test:  class decorator to transition qt qt class to kwargs .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of all available settings .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  display a client for the current user .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  expr   view
truth:  null   hint

test:  get the dictionary from the user supplied arguments .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  returns   tox
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the unicode representation of the given request .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  returns   send
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of tuples for the tenant .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create rfc conduct .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  put   add
truth:  compute   h

test:  tries to force a direct level .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  default   datetime
truth:  return   current

test:  test that mapnode .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns default catalogue backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  returns   assert
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the logistic derivative to the process of the process with the logistic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  redirect to requests for current page .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  create   null
truth:  enter   a

test:  update the mongo collections of changed files to a file .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  determine if the python interpreter given by the path .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test that passing table as column names from fill_values .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dedent that the formatter formatter also handles a dedent formatter .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  dump the network and run the global variable .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  null   networks
truth:  dump   connections

test:  returns an httpresponse with the given permission and items .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   transform
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of unique elements of the passed in l .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   check

test:  given the line value of the line and replace the split value if the split line is in the split line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  if   null
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   analyze
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  extract fetch information from albums using albums .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   returns
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convenience function for computing the correlation surface parameters x : array-like instance of which to be converted .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   reduction

test:  task to send to router through router to message and remove the settings from router .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  store   null
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean this function finds the deviation of the values .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  sample from a dict of the sample longest .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the disk disk lun uuid .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  get a copy of the current session .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factor univariate polynomials over algebraic number fields .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  polynomials   compute
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  host   copies
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  switch the user specified by the edx courses .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  switch   null
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  a decorator that makes the result of the function timeit .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  function   func
truth:  null   timeit

test:  helper function for initalize certificate-pem-outfile .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  change   change

test:  hard power down the state for the state .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  null   a

test:  list profile or view of a user .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if the given ip address is marked as ipython .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  given input .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  fit   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a list is available .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return effective class for bond3 .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate that a string is a valid python bytestring or unicode string .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  if   validate

test:  show show using checkpoint .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   new

test:  the content length of the content length to the given length .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  writes   function
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  execute a specific default python command .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an chunks for an object type with length chunks .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  generate   archives
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a date in the input data .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test that passing a edge of an edge should be zero .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  test   image
truth:  null   laplace

test:  extracts the list of tokens from the given list of tokens .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  usage   solve
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  put a remote request to the queue .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  retrieve   request
truth:  sends   null

test:  processes the list of source and their template source to the module .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  source   function
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that the user is depending on the end broker .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  to   function
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   create
truth:  execute   a

test:  return integer in given range .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   python
truth:  return   return

test:  run a bash shell command .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  runs   vim
truth:  escape   escape

test:  make a iso date time or aware datetime .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  make   convert
truth:  convert   dt

test:  return the gravatar url for the specified gravatar .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  url   url
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information criterion estimated with kde over the kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   yann
truth:  null   information

test:  make the given document for phantomjs .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  header   message
truth:  if   null

test:  convert an hexadecimal string with the data to a hex string .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  null   variant
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  import custom scripts .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   listener
truth:  import   custom

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  checks for valid header list to see if the size has no single errors .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  prompts for use with pyinstaller .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  function called by function .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of tuples that represent test modules to skip tests that represent the list of dummy dependence .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  skipped   find
truth:  find   find

test:  set up and set the stream .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  initialize   open
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the name of the dnsname .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  convert   request
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the public url of the given app .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure a dataset is absent on the system name : string name of bookmark to destroy the child to destroy the dataset force : boolean also destroy all the child
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   filesystem
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  convert a string to astring .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  retrieve   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  return the status code to connect to the server and redirect to the given state .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  returns   calls
truth:  returns   response

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the length of an indexed property property property property property property property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  if   value
truth:  validates   validates

test:  render a formset accessor .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  returns a status code indicating if an error represents a status code .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  run   content
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  teardown teardown .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  verify   uses
truth:  access   access

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   a

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   application
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two inversions and right values .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  to   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns a test params which will be used with a given request .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  check   callback
truth:  test   parameters

test:  displays a few widgets .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  add   new
truth:  add   a

test:  edit an trakt document .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  edit   downloads
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders in the specified location .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get uptime information about the specified hypervisor .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  define   view
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  creates a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the configuration on the device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  to   a
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create a brocade specific port .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   wrapper
truth:  create   a

test:  run the interface from a qbytearray .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  extract   hook
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a dictionary of 3 values and a of b .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns from script or backward compatibility .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  parse the foreign response for a query response or from the l{iresponse} .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  get   get

test:  converts from hsv to hsv space on hsv scale to hsv .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  instantiates a list of dictionaries or a given value .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  set a list of existing listing .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the maximum likelihood likelihood of the gamma criterion parameters bins : pandas .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  perform   compute
truth:  null   observation

test:  make sure that a specific sources source is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  set the network configuration .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  run   reload
truth:  set   set

test:  parse a pdb header into file .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate and parse a list of values .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  parses   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return a generator of files .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  iterate   resolves
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns true if last modification error .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient that checks to see if the real index is not a kwarg .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  creates   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable an interface cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  will use the wrapped logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get the evaluated value as a evaluated xml element .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the data into a mnist image .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  perform a float64 property that is a image property .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all jobs that have the given job id .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  extend   a
truth:  store   store

test:  send a message to an skype file .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  dump   get
truth:  sending   sending

test:  finds all files in the given directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete the task and zip the given task .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  clear   database

test:  get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns an element of gcd from f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   handle
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  return the file from a path as a unicode string .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  tag   in
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  return the reverse url for the specified revision .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the negative pdf of the angle between the model and *lut* .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  computes   x
truth:  null   yann

test:  remove tags from a table .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  delete   function
truth:  performs   a

test:  register keystoneclient engine .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  return   network
truth:  register   register

test:  issue issue #1005: .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   get
truth:  test   script

test:  return exception data .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  ensure   wrapper
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns the first pyfunction that runs the first pyfunction calling calling calling checks for the first pyfunction .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  deprecated   wether
truth:  infer   infer

test:  find the directory of the specified name .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  builds a binary compiler for probabilities .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  null   factory

test:  this function checks if the email mailing on the given mailing .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  go   email
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test that table works with a column can be loaded .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  attributes   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that when we have a never never in case of download .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  process   app
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns an entry of problems in the specified section for each section .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  return   build
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function_type : required | atom .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  build tests that set traffic to test environments .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  build   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  return the weakly connected component of g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  iterate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  add a process and zero or raise a process if it does not exist .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the versions of all jobconf versions .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  translate   return
truth:  get   get

test:  validate the provided modules .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  converted value to a timestamp in a time object .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  builds and register a field from a given signal .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  remove specific port bound to a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  restore a database to the salt cloud storage .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  generate   command
truth:  restores   null

test:  when a line required to test for a sudo system .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  convert   swap
truth:  ensure   null

test:  save the registry cache for the given registry .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  saves   cache
truth:  save   null

test:  this function takes the list of symbols of the first hsp and returns a list of dictionaries with the query .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  throw   function
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders the web page for this script .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  display   replacement
truth:  print   a

test:  generate an rgb image .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  returns   header
truth:  creates   a

test:  register pprint .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   register
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return true if name is an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  if   test
truth:  return   return

test:  compares the dataset s to be able to auth auth .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   background

test:  return the link to the natural natural natural file .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  convert   link
truth:  transform   transform

test:  fix up the download_file package .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  if   method
truth:  setup   python

test:  writes and reads an attribute and dict and stores the message .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  print   neutron
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  generate a list of channel n using the given list of homepage .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  list all tasks located in the specified task scheduler .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  generic function for certificate certificates .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  returns   send
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state from a state cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   state
truth:  disable   state

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  check if the server is in the virtual service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a value of the constraints constraints of values of values of values of values of values .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  safely escapes a string .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  create a dict of categories to print out categories for all categories in the given prints .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  prints   categories
truth:  print   category

test:  allows the 2 method to be used for the 2 .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  ensure   boolean
truth:  test   test

test:  get fileorpath from fileorpath .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  get   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  clear all the tests for the geos tests .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return the unified diff of two as a generator .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  get   shorthand
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start cgconfig condrestart .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  return   cgconfig
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  temporarily context manager to temporarily create a temporary directory .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  context   null
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  remove the file or directory unless it does not exist .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  remove   path
truth:  file   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensures that the raid is present name the name of the overlay to delete .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  run the entire photo to process a file and process the lock .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  send   c
truth:  is   null

test:  return the vms status .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  return   information
truth:  get   get

test:  check for the command line options .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  if   run
truth:  to   helper

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempts access nested data structures and find a set of data structures .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  access   access

test:  helper function to get the value of a given config .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  settings   settings

test:  merge a list of keys into a dict of keys .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  validate   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  encode a python object to bytes .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  encode   str
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse a repository tag and return a phone tag .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  splits   image

test:  returns an md5 key for a nonce .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate all fixed ips associated with a given host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  determine whether the value is accessible to be allocated .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  verifies   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  write rootobject to file descriptor .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  extract the root key for a given key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  update database exceptions that have implemented database .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  updates   function
truth:  given   a

test:  either update or update the given course update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  updates   add
truth:  delete   delete

test:  passive together the trailing polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns true if lun id of the lun ids arguments: lun -- the mappings to is available .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random n-bit with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return string to be used in bug to convert the string to a string .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  function   length
truth:  to   try

test:  build a function that try to connect to the default context .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  return   a

test:  return special color tuple as an integer .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that tabbing after ident .
truth: command history . 
test:  ensure   keys
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest levels from end of the end of the end .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  iterates over a mapping .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  format   format

test:  define a matplotlib image and height of the image .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  runs   new
truth:  resize   images

test:  retrieve time in milliseconds based on timezone .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass sample support .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  checks the given function for decorator; .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns test providers providers directory .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  validate an incompatible application name .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  divide all coefficients of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  computes   score
truth:  divide   null

test:  this endpoint is deprecated .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  error   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  encode a packet binary string .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  fetch a context .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  retrieve   wrapper
truth:  sends   a

test:  renders the data view for the specified template .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  render   page
truth:  render   render

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  check the file sanity in the list of warnings .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager that polynomial data will reside specific to the known running specific modal within the assumption backend .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  context   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  return the benchmark score for the specified episode .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  gather   timestamp
truth:  to   method

test:  get the version of the method that could run in a given bn .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  create an axis along with the given axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  grab all options that have been updated since configuration .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  update   parameters
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  main method used to run tests .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  runs   runs

test:  build an executable file as a filesystem .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  filename   logs
truth:  return   a

test:  same as unsubscribe_mailchimp .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  takes   resolves
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find the values of the regex in this someone .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  appends   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  create the lambda function details .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the constant term in a sentence .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  get a maximum of paths with each component the maximum of the paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  extract the zipfile from a zip file .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  archive   archive

test:  convenience function for ssh .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  name   call
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of the file as a tuple of values .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the unit pattern for a given unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  get   get

test:  return an iterator over all sids paths in sids .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  function   replacement
truth:  given   null

test:  ask the user for the list of enhancement .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  null   attributes
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if and only if the given is a maximal matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a new line ( requirement: * mysql * mysql tested against: notes: * url * mysql tested against: *
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  adds   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  runs a django server on the given service .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  sets   cgi
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   authors
truth:  create   authors

test:  return the utc plotting to a decimal in decimal format .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  apply runstest to delay-normalized .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  perform   compute
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return the number of min_zero angles as a numba distance between the given distance .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  catch   manager
truth:  order   order

test:  attempt to init the python imaging .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert a time string into a time tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   attempts
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the value for the given python value .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  look   null
truth:  store   store

test:  train the web browser .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  print   a
truth:  train   a

test:  displays all the traces and their domain names that match the given name .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  source   return
truth:  return   a

test:  insert messages into the output file .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  include   data
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns an iterator over the given iterator .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  iterate   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the users full name cli example: .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  null   grain

test:  returns an instance of parent paths .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a given directory for each os tempfile .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the system info for this object .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  null   system
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  tests the results of the list of strings .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  test   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  format a llvm function for format to format a bytearray .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  helper for the named groups in the list of dotted-notation .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  replaces   updates
truth:  named   find

test:  validate whether the given timestamp webhook is mailgun .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  send user to preselected user .
truth: update request . 
test:  signal   logs
truth:  request   request

test:  given the url .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  link   a
truth:  url   url

test:  discard that that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parses the value of a configuration file .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  generates a random expression representing expr in the underlying directories of expr .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  permutes   null

test:  retrieve a data structure for a given works .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  merges   method
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write the the oauthgetrequesttoken file to the specified file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  gets the list of names and their states .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  get   use
truth:  get   a

test:  update an existing bokeh object only if it is not a new object .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  computes   factory
truth:  update   update

test:  skip test if config can be set to something to a subclass .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  check   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  turns single line into utf-8 encoded slug .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  string   host
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this node .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   globals
truth:  find   globals

test:  signal that when a users table is changed .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  signal   changes
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   paths
truth:  if   check

test:  returns true if *obj* points to nonstring .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  validates that the action of the given action matches the given action to true if the action .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return x no window function; .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  null   window
truth:  null   window

test:  function replacement for polynomial functions .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  bytes   a
truth:  float   float

test:  returns defined data from a table or separated data .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   return

test:  information about the registered info from url .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  if   unicode
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  the main profiling of the space-separated wigner .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  matches   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   wrapper
truth:  msg   msg

test:  defines some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  decorate or plot axes with some of axes parameters data : axes to plot data with some data on which to decorate .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  block   figure
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  safely remove the named file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  renders the template at the given path with the given path and returns the path to the given path .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  render   function
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns the first class the first [] of gamma n .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  create   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  look up the directory and return a list of recursively .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   returns
truth:  scan   scan

test:  returns a list of all nodes of a given tree .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  cache   function
truth:  cache   tip

test:  get the arguments from the current user or a list of preferred encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  take the across u .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  construct   object
truth:  run   run

test:  return all the local software codes .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  compound_statement -> iterator get the integer to the eventloop of the numpy-vendor .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  call   null
truth:  null   messages

test:  make sure that we can read a column column .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  test   action
truth:  null   null

test:  return the min cost of the minimum cost .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  convert an ip address string to an ip number as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  reconstruct   split
truth:  convert   convert

test:  append text to a period of period .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  function   null
truth:  append   a

test:  find the value in a less than or equal to x .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  split   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  closes svn review requests for the google code repository .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   returns
truth:  closes   null

test:  parses a string as a corresponding sql template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  parses   email
truth:  takes   a

test:  utility function to create an array with unique values .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  read   n
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  same as salt .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  filter   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  return reasonable facts if not already present in facts dict args: facts : facts returns: facts : facts if missing facts .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   ping
truth:  apply   provider

test:  initialize custom custom audio data .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move a host to a value .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of --local flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  return a format name for the type specified in the format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  null   a

test:  split the requested locales into a list of requested locales .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  get   x
truth:  null   null

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  cool   a
truth:  null   a

test:  adds new advanced component to the context .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert longitude to polar elevation .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  to   up
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a dictionary with keys of keys of keys from the given dict .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  pick   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a track object from an echo server .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the key and delete the translate the float .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   get

test:  constructs a protobuf based on a protobuf .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   method

test:  tests the function to make sure the softmax implementation works as expected values .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  test that xa works with rotation [3736] [3736] .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 installed .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  works   works
truth:  null   null

test:  define a volume based on the given string .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  creates   helper
truth:  define   a

test:  returns a new dataframe function that indicate the *seq* and a categorize .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  dataframe   a
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the revision id of the git revision .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  returns   a

test:  try to convert an unicode string to a method for use with a method calls .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check if current version is supported by cuckoo .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  make   check
truth:  return   version

test:  utility function that returns the primary key keys for a given key .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  return   string
truth:  calculate   a

test:  play a 2-dimensional or its nth signal from calculating .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the ancestor instance type of a pr instance .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the seuclidean vector of 1-d vector .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   minimum
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the fingerprint of a masters public key on the minion cli example: .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  colorize text .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   a

test:  records and return an zacharys according to the given precision using the given precision .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  normalizes   value
truth:  value   value

test:  send an email to the initiator of a user .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  send   send
truth:  email   email

test:  reads invalid characters .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  expr   d
truth:  null   null

test:  compares the value of a subscription which should only receive the wrapped python implementation .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  null   set
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a rule into a gettext rule .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   plural

test:  get the list of files names from the available database .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  get   get

test:  register a class with the given configuration .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  register   a
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  used by the servicetester in order to register a good attribute .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  send the notification to the configured notification driver .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  point   style
truth:  send   notifications

test:  construct an endpoints description from a certificate description string .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  to   everything
truth:  to   null

test:  restores the state of a specific state object into the result for easy .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  ensure   entropy
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the new gcode file for a given path .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  inserts   get
truth:  build   a

test:  generic pidof function which helps to determine if the host is set to a remote channel .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  wait   find
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new virtual machine to use .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  block   block

test:  get path from inside the point to the point paths .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   voronoi
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  flatten a list of set and flatten the items in a single list .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  count   a
truth:  flatten   node

test:  return stats dict of given file descriptor .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  include   return
truth:  return   a

test:  adds the current page to the list of missing page .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  add   page
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a host by name or host its name cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  perform an encrypted value of a value .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  validate   load
truth:  build   build

test:  parse command line options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  input   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns the number of a direction .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  given   get
truth:  return   sequence

test:  get all per sff files in directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   a

test:  gets the byte string representation of a character in bytes .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  null   null
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator that instantiates the http auth password .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  take an iterable and list of result objects .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the time zone associated with the given zone zone or offset .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  null   time
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure the base on the base snippet was modified before the web .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  to   push

test:  fixture that returns a temporary file that will be run as a temporary file .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  fixture   list
truth:  return   a

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  calculates the durbin-watson score based on the given axis .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the list of cohorted partition ids for the specified course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  get   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the actual entry for a key .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  raise   key
truth:  sort   key

test:  this is a solves order function which is used internally .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  newmans weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  return the correct icons of the file .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  add   action
truth:  creates   null

test:  invalidates the cache of the cms by setting the cache on the disk .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  redirects   success
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  combines an mb object into a musicbrainz album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  find   musicbrainz
truth:  search   search

test:  compute a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  does   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove the named data .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   admin

test:  set the close-on-exec bit of the current ticklocs .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  setting   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  mode: string - "raw" with python 2 .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   request
truth:  verify   a

test:  same logic as other .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  null   check
truth:  find   a

test:  copy the tool to destination .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  copy   copy

test:  finds -180 variable variable from the given symbol .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  generate   mapping
truth:  update   update

test:  get the cache location .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  can the given user add and target to the target .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a list of media files for the given resource .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  embed   media

test:  delete document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  load an existing backend .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  plot   load
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with 1 elements removed .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ping the notification/nch .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute does not have the pattern given .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test edf with successful session values .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the certificates to the certificates directory of this certificate .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  converts   get
truth:  get   get

test:  raises an exception if the supplied bytestring was not a bytestring .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  bytes   bytes
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  convert result of aws command .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  makes   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a string to human readable string .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clear cached results for all links .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a date/time date into a datetime object .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  train estimator from estimator and train it with indexing indexing .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  solve   compute
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parses a fast_reader string .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  remove the check from the given agent using its agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  deregister   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  check satisfiability of color(s) .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  check   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  write the given record to xml set the specified record .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  write   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return a book field of the current xml tree .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  null   flags
truth:  null   page

test:  gets the default value for the current thread .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a postgres user cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  modify any time value value in the given model .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  handles   null
truth:  translate   translate

test:  returns the name of the hostname that has the permissions to do not try to use .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  null   method
truth:  return   return

test:  xxx: both persistent be used with @allowed_action .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  ensures   up
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get the alternate device name for the specified network device .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  check if we want to access this test .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  ensures   configures
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update no file .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  check   compute
truth:  load   tm

test:  helper to make a bem for layer .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  check   file
truth:  create   a

test:  convert an image to a network input array .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  convert   code
truth:  takes   null

test:  retrieve the attribute for a given attribute .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  extract   information

test:  load the levenshtein module .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  start the specified encoder with the specified name .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  blocks   null
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model stochastic 56 -> qaction .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the string representing the larger information .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return an ec2 credentials for the given user .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   file
truth:  return   return

test:  return the reciprocal of the sigmoid distribution .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   implementation

test:  remove a plugin from an identifier plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  returns a tree spanning for an undirected tree or forest on an undirected graph .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  standard message to call this function as a warning .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  issue   a

test:  finds and returns the first nodes in the list .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  find   return
truth:  finds   a

test:  creates a new pkg_resources .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a random participant of the given participant .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a until it returns a until we can take it as a description .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  constructs   copies
truth:  return   return

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   portage

test:  cumulative closure of a twos closure .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   display
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of the names of all iam groups cli example: .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the project description of designed to process .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  compute   randomly
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the primary value for the given long to the dot file .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  wraps djangos request handling to allow the functions that was protected from admin .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  like   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  called when the jobs process is loaded .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  cancel   method
truth:  take   null

test:  stringify utc time in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  throw   time
truth:  time   time

test:  create a group group .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the list of triples for the current sparse sparse sparse matrices .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  create   a
truth:  like   like

test:  purge all files under fn .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  files   files

test:  print a tree per second element .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   tree

test:  completely clear all the cache files and removing the given directory .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  ensure the tab completion gets saved correctly .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  null   insertion
truth:  is   null

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  load   load

test:  test of completion .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   method
truth:  test   program

test:  called when an implementation of classpath is being run in a subprocess .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  create   wrapper
truth:  executes   null

test:  install the given signal handler handler for i{sigchld} .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  to   install
truth:  install   a

test:  parse the channel mode from the channel mode .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the 3-regular petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clean up the local socket .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  null   socket
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw a networkx layout with a layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  helper function to check if input is a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  turn a version string into a dictionary with the given version numbers and version .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  map   return
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a time string to a time .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return text if text is a python encoding object .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  to   unicode
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test x10 validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   geonode
truth:  test   x10

test:  create the file .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a :py:class:vehicle chain that takes no application and optionally an instance of the application .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  return   app
truth:  function   function

test:  return windows path if possible .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  if   join
truth:  derive   ini

test:  register a class calls to dictionary of attributes .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  arent arent arent arent serialized .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets the host:port path from the given path .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  rate of change : (-1)*100 .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  rate   regression
truth:  value   value

test:  seed with seed and seed value for seed .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  parse a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  to   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  encode and similar to utf-8 encoded version .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   data

test:  test to ensure we can skip to skip data .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  if   test
truth:  loads   null

test:  verify the setting passed to the setting setting .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  match   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine if there are changed on behalf of values .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a a graph from a graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  inverts   a

test:  delete all existing session .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  removes   values

test:  reverse of extra_model_fields .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  detect   query
truth:  return   return

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the options from the command line .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  command   command

test:  perform the gender for the gender word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  post-response - try to check for imports .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  test when we want to require a file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  ensures   test
truth:  require   null

test:  set the system locale to use based on the code .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  to   pep
truth:  set   environ

test:  set or delete metadata on the images .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a unique digest for a given credential hash .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a named instance from linode cli example: .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that the response headers are the expected response .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   function
truth:  check   check

test:  return a dictionary of not specific to any specific code .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the byte of the given namespace or none if the foreign of the foreign keys supplied .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  imports the first for interacting with router .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  logs   function
truth:  null   event

test:  helper function to check if the path given .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  computes information that are failures that correspond to the dot .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  filter   reference
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a black function for complexes in a specified scope .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   loss

test:  return versions of components in the current linux distribution .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  to   version
truth:  report   report

test:  create a match for given pattern .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the number of bytes in a normalized string .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  pad   pad

test:  create a new extension to this configuration .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   new

test:  format a number .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  loop   a
truth:  null   null

test:  load config from a file .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  load   configuration
truth:  to   helper

test:  replace the dots or match the given document with the given document .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  replaces   remove
truth:  null   method

test:  returns whether x is a sparse matrix with all items in x .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  if   return
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  finds all the state uninstalls uninstalls a given state this looks for a given state .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  null   minimum
truth:  loop   loop

test:  a helper to return the subjects .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  computes   post
truth:  set   set

test:  produce a new dataframe or multiindex examples or arg arg and converts any of the appropriate way to a series .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  null   metadata
truth:  create   a

test:  renders a table of tab .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  link   help
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test reading a local file which processes the local source file to make sure its processes processes .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  test   null
truth:  require   null

test:  wrapper for _process_info_installed_output() .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  break   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  parse the given string like the given mongodb under the given uid .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  given a list of type .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  find email addresses using recipients .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  send   send

test:  raise an exception if error is raised .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  throw   null

test:  temporarily change variables which are not using the gui .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   changes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return file image from a base64 encoded image .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  injects data into a filesystem already mounted by metadata .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  func   data
truth:  injects   data

test:  this is used to determine the highest protocol version .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  takes an canonical resource file and returns the s3:// .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  runs the test suite .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  run   null
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  create a cluster reference from the database .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  creates   point
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the hardware address to a given ipv6 address .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   purpose

test:  load and return a configuration from the specified configuration .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  load   load
truth:  read   user

test:  invert a node .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  inverts   a

test:  decode a string uuid .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  set debconf selections .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean this function finds the estimated estimated estimated values .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  mean   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  flags a comment .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  save   queue
truth:  stores   a

test:  load the given data from the given dataset .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns the number of friends which the user is part of a user .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  computes a base64 encoded string .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  same as f() .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  null   effects

test:  check that the mapping of the mapping value is valid .
truth: gets header . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  header   header

test:  returns the name of the wrapped view that has been set .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  the search output when the message has a copy of the model .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  extract   message

test:  infer a method to match the given name .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   decorator
truth:  infer   a

test:  gives the value of the underlying training .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the following .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  strip   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load the module if getfacl is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  works   works

test:  return a list of paths that represent the python source file .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  unquotes a value which depends be present with the value of the argument .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  takes a list of payment entries and prepends the given document .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  maps   gcs
truth:  cancel   null

test:  return a class which is a class attribute of a given instance .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get all attachment specs for the specified attachment record .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  returns   fetch
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to parse a date into a time .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get gcode files which start with plugins whose filenames are defined .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve the list of auth params for the given request .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  to   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   pair
truth:  pair   pair

test:  create an array with the data socketfd .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  generate   namespace
truth:  receive   a

test:  given an ip address .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  take   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  gets the number of bytes required to hold a timestamp value .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  content   null
truth:  content   content

test:  parses rediss entry from xml or fail .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   entry

test:  get the list of the current figure managers .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  make   a
truth:  set   set

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  to   need
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the aws awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete an exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  returns a list of collins for a given list of devices .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages cli example: .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of a function within an interval .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   root
truth:  find   a

test:  *log(y)* to cause a method to the current user under the request .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  run a shell command on a remote host .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  run   one
truth:  invoke   a

test:  lists wiki documents needs a review request .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   return
truth:  count   count

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  explicitly fail an empty string by setting quotes on both git 2 .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test secondary rendering with a secondary options .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   approximation
truth:  test   test

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return an access sandbox .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  returns   a

test:  require python package installation .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   python
truth:  test   python

test:  return the list of all tests for the given path .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  find   null
truth:  function   function

test:  renders all the url from all os .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  check if cypher is available .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  runs   stack
truth:  verifies   a

test:  helper to preprocess form of a sympy expression .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  null   use
truth:  expr   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  return the known known paths for the user .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  if   file
truth:  add   a

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  update   re
truth:  used   null

test:  calculate the blackwhite clip of the graph of the edge between [1 and luminosity .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the comments of a feature considering considering when the table of some of the feature is selected .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  make   max
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience method for creating a validator type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   validator

test:  converts a timestamp in the range of seconds to a timestamp object .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  fits   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  rewrite the given dict of state by parsing the single element via the single process .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  sets the image attribute of the given image with the specified axes .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  update   value
truth:  update   update

test:  normalize a node by name cli example: .
truth: internal function . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  function   function

test:  transform an xri to iri-normal form .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  string   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test x labels with a list of labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   x
truth:  test   test

test:  this method will check if the comment scores are corrupted and not parsing with the current comment scores .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  header   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get current environment changes by id .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  send the oauth url to the user .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  return true if the given token should be a probable token .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  does the opposite of a string .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  encodes   content
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  read a file with one or more simple filter from a different line parameters .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   content
truth:  read   in

test:  given a query to the base notification of the given message .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  construct   store
truth:  null   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  null   url
truth:  function   function

test:  bind data to a value .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function for db bugs that return response is a coordinate bounding decimals; .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  check   validation
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the dictionary that is a list of unfollows .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets checksum from a string .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  return the list of the load-balancer that are refresh .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the likelihood of a and 2 .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  pause a container name container name or id name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  pause   restore
truth:  pauses   a

test:  increment the elements of a matrix .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  iterate   apply
truth:  make   a

test:  compute the homogeneity score and recall from the input arguments .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   load
truth:  null   metric

test:  run doctest on testing module .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  run   doctest
truth:  run   run

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return whether or not the file matches the given filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  load   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if the process has been downloaded .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  create   camel
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  train and install one or more entities .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  scan   sleep
truth:  based   demo

test:  this function takes an automatic handler or a handler and applies it to the stub module .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  header   polynomials
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show the list of features that have been fsutils .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  smoke test showing the lookup function .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  string   attributes
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  return the path to the directory of the image .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  return   path
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return information about the named vm cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find the b-spline of the b-spline .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   product

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  step   time
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  the reverse function of bytes in the string .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  return the somehow .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  call the pattern on the master and user-defined if true .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   function
truth:  wait   null

test:  return the json generator as a generator for each json .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  null   indent
truth:  null   generator

test:  creates the folders in the given _version .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a function that returns a list of positional arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the expression product of opening dy .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  trims   a
truth:  cross   cross

test:  return dictionary with keys and values of ports details .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  add   language
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  calculate the classifier on the classifier provided as classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the given target is a valid ipv4-address .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  compute distances along the :ref:user curve of the dataset .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  uses the str method to encode a local remote key .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  compare   a

test:  returns all known and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  computes   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filters: a client .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  profile   a
truth:  set   up

test:  change permissions for trailer .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   node
truth:  change   change

test:  determine if the given gradient is a block of gradient gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a decorator that serves methods in a transaction .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator that only allows tests to mark tests for test if jpeg attribute of the decorator .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  raise   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all the fixture fixture .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  automatically assigns the current user .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  coil   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  print out exception up to a stream .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  fail calling the cli args for valid .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  match a freesurfer_home pattern in the device with the given device .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  return   null
truth:  matches   matches

test:  decorator to indicate that a method returns a decorator that resource .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  be   null

test:  seen_union : service dicts .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  null   access
truth:  null   service

test:  helper function to find the temporary directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  write the xml file .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  write   null
truth:  send   send

test:  return the user for the specified profile username .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if the request is up or post version of an image .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  mock   images
truth:  upload   upload

test:  convert the given string to utf-8 encoded format .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  to   unicode
truth:  to   convert

test:  return the barcode barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  split   sequence

test:  delete a user from database .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  change absolute path of absolute paths to the final file path of absolute device .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   returns
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can push push on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  this function creates a access token that can filter from the access token .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  transforms   access
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  serie   no
truth:  serie   test

test:  redirects to the contents of the csv file .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   null
truth:  import   kits

test:  generate a random api key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  cleanup the directory recursively not exist in empty directory .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  removes   attempts
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  make a resource .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prepare a string for use in a dag .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  float   test
truth:  format   format

test:  repack the repack .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  make   copies
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to build a firewall rule for known connections extra args .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  bytes   logging
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns a module name of a python module .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  return   return
truth:  assemble   a

test:  given the given numba type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  turns on log of objects into a lazy log .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  logs a box .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is greater than the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  show the docs version from the docs version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience wrapper around c_sync to create a stream .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  parses   interface
truth:  loads   a

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get new location .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that parsing image can be loaded .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  null   open
truth:  null   null

test:  return the subgraph sequence that is the coordinate of the given order .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  find   a

test:  return the nth index of a sequence .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extracts the l{long} l{long} l{long} for each string in a list of tokens .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  generate   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the ed2k path of a given file .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if the provided ip address is a valid ip address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  retrieve the localizable attributes for the given object .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a new .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  null   source
truth:  source   source

test:  break the rows of a sparse matrix .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  count   compute
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return the interned of the file .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  splits   null

test:  get the creation time of the volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  return the function grad .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  null   mode
truth:  null   gradient

test:  ensure tool contains exactly one command .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  choose a llvm color from a muladd object .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decode a base64 encoded string .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   html
truth:  encodes   html

test:  validate and return a colors colors .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  if   return
truth:  color   color

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  add a list of nodes into the path .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  transform messages into base64 data .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  prepares   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if the given file is an abstract written .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if g is a isolate isolate .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  process cache optimization optimization in numpy we need to process the cache that numpy the cache of numpy result in numpy .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  test   translate
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a snapshot .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  if   handle
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a reqs .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  download   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read in a file .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  file   get
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  call signature:: with polar axes .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  get   call
truth:  make   a

test:  this is the same as the code as the inotify code .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  point   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create custom metric .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   metric

test:  reads keys and must be used to access the keys in remote mode .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  null   task
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  parse the command line .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   watchers
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  helper function for gf_edf_zassenhaus permutations using non-negative test .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  update the point to the given metrics .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  finds the content of the given attribute from the given expression .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the pioneer platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  like djangos to_language .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   null

test:  migrate legacy dependencies to the primary keys .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  migrate   null
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  returns a list of comments where the given group is currently found .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  change frequency of a tab vulns .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  change   change
truth:  structured   null

test:  controller to records a record .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  rotate   null
truth:  null   controller

test:  run python process .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  evaluate   uses
truth:  executes   null

test:  the access code to act on login .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  get   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  test that the master with ram from ram .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   default
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  object one line of the message import function .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  check   check

test:  return a dict of all available programs ids and their status code .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   program
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a string so that it will reach the compiler .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: whitesource trigger a job to the jenkins step .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   domain
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a packed array into a packed .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  packs   null

test:  q -> queue q .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  find   object
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the word value of the current process .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  return   return
truth:  lookup   a

test:  load a module and returns a list of the extension to it .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   extension

test:  strip all the values in a given dictionary .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new ssl object .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer shell server header and send the header to the json response .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  communicate   null

test:  validate the list of unique ids .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorate the depth to a tree .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  return   open
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to generate the signal from epochs .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  signal   user
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  calculate the body of a given body .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  return   one
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns true if the given status configuration is changed .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all extra specs for the given flavor id .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return an instance of the message in a step of infinity .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  check   a
truth:  print   snippets

test:  return a symbolic search of node with the specified search or dirs .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  sort order by holding all non-overlapping in the given list of items .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  return   a

test:  miximum the minimum value of a csr or a csr .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  vdot -> returns tensordot .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the just due to a given sig: .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  verify   variant
truth:  look   up

test:  returns an md5 hash of the given key .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  cache   cache

test:  prints out show information from both the virtuals from a http address and the show show ipv4 address present .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  creates   run
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the old configuration directory .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  find   find

test:  get saml provider cli example: .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  get   saml

test:  generate some floatx distribution for independent samples .
truth: like rand . 
test:  create   a
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  gets the given string description of http or unicode code .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  return true if the regular expression is from the chosen device .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  dump message into log file .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  log   log
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a file or a directory cli example: .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a generator that yields the lines of a given file .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  text   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this is a decorator to generative a task to be called from the signature of theory .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  the views exists and do this fails if the views is a views .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  create   a
truth:  widget   widget

test:  convert the translations from a list of translations to a dict of keywords that are sorted and returns the plural translations .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  validate valid resource from context .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  if   check

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reads all the process data files in the current database .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  null   program
truth:  null   null

test:  do anything have subtree matching changes to a given set of items .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  given   a
truth:  map   map

test:  normalizes string that converts none to a slug .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  null   a

test:  extract the contents of a container from which network details cli example: .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  use   null
truth:  inspect   a

test:  build the routes for the given interface cli example: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  build   build
truth:  add   route

test:  reorder the total used by a convolution process .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  override   null
truth:  null   levels

test:  takes a dct object and returns a dct object .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  take   null

test:  return an instance of a given instance .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  check the value of an integer to a python integer .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  formats   input
truth:  check   check

test:  logs the message to stderr .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  log   a
truth:  set   set

test:  render an form **tag name**:: bootstrap_formset_errors **parameters**: form that is being rendered layout context value .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   formset
truth:  form   form

test:  dump the list of tasks .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  add rotation from group .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   copies
truth:  add   path

test:  return the absolute path to the epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the data into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  requires proper internalerror and float32 are useful for api only .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search filter that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  specified   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return the string returned by json .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  reads   returns
truth:  read   a

test:  gets the mock name of the current request .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns percentage of the positive positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to open a file from a header in a given place .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  load   ping
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  return a lexer value in json format when exception is applicable .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  create   post
truth:  null   json

test:  returns a string with a natural pair .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  stop watching ready-for-l10n revisions for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   stop
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute a command and read the output as pillar .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if options .
truth: check if options . 
test:  run   module
truth:  if   check

test:  extracts the nodes from an html tree and returns a dict of html tree .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  given the cached trees of the current cached node .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  used for testing .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  return   page
truth:  get   current

test:  filters a function that return value for safecall .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   a

test:  add a user to the grouping command .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  show the notification function .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  show   show
truth:  null   notification

test:  return any optional timestamp information in the request .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   date
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper to get a source image from the given source group name .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   yaml
truth:  returns   html

test:  get extended segment from the extended folder .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  code   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create new library paths and set the desired library .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  if   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  award the given badge to the sum of languages .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  changes   enrollment
truth:  null   badges

test:  this task task to run all assets .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  unleash   null
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test packagefinder only accepts info and update utility .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets the categories categories for a template .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  same as q .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  return   instance
truth:  determine   null

test:  reads the value from the given objects .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  count   count

test:  serialize the users avatar url into a service avatar .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  reset the cached configuration .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  populate   docker

test:  convert a repr object to a string .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of the singular with either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  returns   a

test:  write flv header info to flv .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  adjust of a set of broadcasting fprime .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  return   task
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get paths by gear .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the t-test for the var(p) distribution parameters exp : int the number of observations nodes of observations df_modelwc : int number of observations observations of observations or array_like .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   tool
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy a to a bucket .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that the tree returns an array of tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  test   x
truth:  tests   tests

test:  adds a new message to the given context .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  add   a
truth:  change   message

test:  create a connected cluster that will return the control cluster to the control cluster using control .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  code   a
truth:  build   a

test:  get redis key value from a redis hash .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates the test user with super permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if the old object is an old one .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  check   check
truth:  is   null

test:  generate and return a form instance based on the given form .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  apply str .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  return   python
truth:  create   a

test:  const_map_item : const_value : const_value | literal | boolconstant | boolconstant | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   d
truth:  null   null

test:  get all installed rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  extract a value from an infinite header into a bytearray of groups .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  split   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if all folders have the given path can be refreshed .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if the keystone module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  compute pivoted decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  similar to native encoding .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   compare
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a certificate from the certificate file cli example: .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  calculates the renumerate function .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  split   null
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  used to dynamically create a test configuration that will raise a good good good error if the test result has not found .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  create   function
truth:  get   get

test:  abandoned baby .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  hold   doji
truth:  null   cloud

test:  create a records and maps it to a json record .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  extracts   decodes
truth:  value   value

test:  creates a new content directory that will create the given categories .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  add to surrounding from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  add   add
truth:  to   add

test:  create a thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tests that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context request section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   pdp
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  loads a given course_id .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the status status cli example: .
truth: get status code . 
test:  file   return
truth:  get   status

test:  delete stripe records that are associated with the given stripe .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  delete   signal
truth:  null   null

test:  read egi data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   reader
truth:  read   read

test:  to update the stacks and their console lanes console .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  return   instance
truth:  null   method

test:  test for setting of the we can load balancer from our django catalog .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  importing   null
truth:  load   load

test:  search unified text for logging with logging chars .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  filename   return
truth:  text   text

test:  return a datetime object indicating the value of a specified objects .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to delete a temporary value which will delete one or a temporary object as a temporary value .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  set   set

test:  mount a device from the email address .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   setup
truth:  mount   mount

test:  this is the main function that raises a fake exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  called   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns a list of phases for the given plugin .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  get   x
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  checks if path has any permissions on this file .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  if   check

test:  add an entry to the queue .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  extract cookies from the given user .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  request   request

test:  helper function for en-us list of strings that are extract the string containing the list of strings .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  string   sort
truth:  split   split

test:  parse the location of a sequence of strings into a list of overriding options .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  turns   seq
truth:  expr   expr

test:  transform the list of tokens into a string containing the result set .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  take   floats
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  print a the value of a single cell cell .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  get a security group by id .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_numpy .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  yield successive chunks from list alignment chunks .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  sync a new draft back to the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  check   updates
truth:  sync   sync

test:  given a url string and a split_name .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  put   a

test:  encrypts the given filename into the given filename .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   controller
truth:  training   controller

test:  send the command to the vehicle fly .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   send

test:  test to make sure that identify_table() can be specified .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  format   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  send a message to a pushover channel .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  build   print
truth:  send   message

test:  verifies that the request can be considered to a specified method .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  make   check
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  record list of all the customise field names .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  update   reading
truth:  customize   null

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert an object into a safe key .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  find the number of parameters that contains the given action .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  mark a function as immune .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  gets the ccx to a ccx to become the given course .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   return

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  test %reset reset .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  wsgi entry point .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  wrapper for intel .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   null
truth:  train   a

test:  send and send the message to the recipient .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   helper
truth:  send   a

test:  returns list of users that occur in the given user .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to find the virtual machine .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  function   vm
truth:  is   uuid

test:  a simple convenience function for receiving a domain name and then have a more "human-readable" in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  for each site .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  add   signal
truth:  handle   handle

test:  try to simplify a certain attribute from the given position .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  waits for the specified alert to be present .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  adds a value to the context .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  null   property
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add rack holes to rack .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  filled out special characters from a entire entire iteration .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  string   null
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return threshold value based on yens method .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  get a list of the most recent callbacks .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a permission grant for a resource .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   resource
truth:  create   a

test:  takes a nested dictionary and converts a single dictionary to a single dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  formats a timedelta string to make it usable with format %h:%m .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  given   a
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: timestamps set pending build as timestamps to the build .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   cigame
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  loads a graph of all xml .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   find
truth:  load   a

test:  returns a list of all language bidi .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  settings   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run the child process and exit if its not already installed .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  image data for ~numpy parameters used to shuffles an image file .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  return   null
truth:  read   read

test:  create the txt according to the configured dns records .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run input on a cluster .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  function   function
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  compare two strings of the same column as the first element in the given list .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  if   test
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  a decorator to create a fake function to be called with the current thread .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  returns   remote
truth:  null   cli

test:  run the browser on a http server .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  git   method
truth:  run   nltk

test:  remove either a path or raw usage .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  join   paths
truth:  null   a

test:  function used to check if the given func is being run .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dnf bit of a uri .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  unregister a jinja environment .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  execute   chooser
truth:  create   create

test:  filters out text .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  return   null
truth:  server   server

test:  return a unique id for the given token .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  retry the facebook list and stores it in the list .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  get the default domain object from the provided domain or domain .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  print a list of all baremetal nodes .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   parse
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  null   new
truth:  document   document

test:  coerce value to a json time .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  to   value
truth:  value   value

test:  convert string into a list of adjacent bytes .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  set   set

test:  load coverage data from given length .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  load   expression
truth:  load   a

test:  run session between server and client protocol instances over tcp .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   session

test:  gets the diff for the given module .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  look   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get the number of arguments from the end and end of a vector3 .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   method
truth:  get   get

test:  encode line into coords transform .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  encode   encode

test:  generate a generator of lists of length n from a sequence of lists .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  chew   seq
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a mapping of parent status to the given __doc__ .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  takes   update
truth:  update   status

test:  validates that the given value is a model .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes with node sources and a directed subset of sources .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  returns   template
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  helper function to get the slot for any numeric .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  return   null
truth:  run   run

test:  merge all of the returner modules from all returners .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is a known instance .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  blah blah .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  loads   information
truth:  function   function

test:  replace python dotted dotted path .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  do   null
truth:  replace   argument

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  return   crud
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a string argument to a bool value .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  fetch   value
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the lg tv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register a new colors .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  register   a
truth:  add   a

test:  quarter plot .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   helper
truth:  plot   plot

test:  cache lockfuncs .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  point   set
truth:  updates   updates

test:  simulate impulse impulse response with homogenous impulse coefficients and might have arma changing impulse process .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  signal   page
truth:  get   get

test:  subscribe a topic to a specific value .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  turn light turn light into a new track .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  if   sets
truth:  called   null

test:  test loading volume from many bem .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  file   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url url url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  make masked masked arrays .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  transforms   array
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a token for the given host+username+password .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  shuffle   query
truth:  token   token

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   handle
truth:  make   a

test:  convert s to ms value .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  output text .
truth: string in color . 
test:  text   characters
truth:  string   in

test:  extract messages into a actual time .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  parse   time
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the terminal size of a given integer .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get the version string for the specified path .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  ensures that we can escape things for each httpbin .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  set   prompt
truth:  like   like

test:  create a link to the user .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  let   link
truth:  log   a

test:  returns true if *obj* is a klass .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   version

test:  return true if the given distribution is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the specified httpconnection exists .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  changes   interface

test:  reports reports to the trees .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signal   expr
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the convert convert an integer to a python l{int} .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  null   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute square-free roots of f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that "text" image can be listed .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parses iso 8601 format from a query string .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  set projections to active projections .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the default value if value is none .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  default   default

test:  write the slc of the file in megabytes format to the file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   results
truth:  write   a

test:  unsubscribe from a list .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  unsubscribe   null
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  compute the bipartite power of a directed network .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  generate   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download translations for bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  command   open
truth:  download   download

test:  return a dict of linode ids for linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt complex zeros of sine and cosine fresnel integrals s(z) and c(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  details page: show a box with three add-on tags .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  null   details
truth:  null   details

test:  find the last info of a parent directory by one or more parent directories .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  find   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the locale for the given year .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the sqlalchemy sqlalchemy about package_id for the given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a coroutine that uses tasks to be used as attributes/arguments .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  null   task
truth:  starts   null

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  assigned   null
truth:  assigned   null

test:  add an event on the local node .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  trigger   null
truth:  accept   a

test:  utility function to retrieve the oauth client settings from an instance settings and secret settings .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  creates   send
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the memoized withparent .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generates the specified post post and add it to the list of purchase_price_value .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  generates   updates
truth:  builds   null

test:  extracts the first id of the first line in the given result .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  print a list of all available agent .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  list   list

test:  generates a 2-element report for an prox .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   operator

test:  returns a single profilelistfeed transform .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  the test import module references to the type .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for estimating distribution parameters alpha : ndarray the deviation of the periodogram for which the parameters of the distribution in which the periodogram is the periodogram .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get an default document .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  document   document
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   decorator
truth:  view   view

test:  checks if the line contains a line of the given line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send an email to its child node .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  send   null
truth:  process   a

test:  test installing from a reqs file .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  copies   dot
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock dissimilarity between two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   information
truth:  computes   null

test:  merge the current directory cli example: .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  format   null
truth:  set   set

test:  a context manager to temporarily changes the context of a specific code .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  patch   patch

test:  check a list of random data from a undefined distribution .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  return the number of data that formsets should use for unicode operations .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  finds an index by index in an index .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  create   in
truth:  get   get

test:  the aws intent config .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  sum of expression elements .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt the given data with the new aes key .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypts   data
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  get warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  null   step
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return the specified identity attribute from the given instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  return   return
truth:  look   up

test:  type_name : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   null
truth:  empty   null

test:  this function takes a list of fasta tags and uses fasta values for each observation .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  assert that all rows of a given node: and data .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  throw   a

test:  unquote -> string return a quoted version of string .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  quotes   a
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  given a course_key .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  check   method
truth:  null   method

test:  parse asdl headers and return dict .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  process   items
truth:  to   attempt

test:  decorator to give to sort by calling methods .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   decorator

test:  utility function converts a new resultraise .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  send   a

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django admin .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   lx
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  given the auto_auth and auto_auth .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  move   returns
truth:  source   source

test:  parse the power response .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  startup   packets

test:  determine if a loop is inside a vector3 loop .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get all databases databases from a schema .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  db   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  replacing   test
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if the path is intersecting inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the content encoding where content is a valid content type and fails if the file encoding is either an exception or fails .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  content   copies
truth:  to   try

test:  return the python path .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns the python subclass for a field .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  update the named ports .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  set   set

test:  clean out the date and 1-std .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  clean   start
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper function for running functions .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve the comment and given a comment .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the sync database version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   display
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  install a new response to the software response .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  mock   checks
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function takes a string and returns the string from the string course course course .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decodes   boolean
truth:  decode   character

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function takes the results of something that isnt an html header .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  null   null
truth:  empty   remove

test:  return the correct configuration url for a given name .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  url   get
truth:  look   up

test:  aggregate the user by sending it to the queue .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  validates   returns
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the given list of args whose values are the given system names differ on the system .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 optimization optimization on print .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  set the value of the ignored buffer to be read from the context .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  output   function
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  decorator to check if not attempting to be checked .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  set   set
truth:  if   check

test:  test that assumptions .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   logarithmic
truth:  test   test

test:  this function checks if the current maintenance database is using a l{klein} key .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  return   info
truth:  get   get

test:  create and writes a file to disk .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   contents

test:  true if the given key can be a generic key .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the list of symbols to bytestrings in a dictionary of python 3 .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  iterates   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether or not an email should be imported .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the float version from git .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  git   git

test:  only load if apf exists on the system .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  clone clone .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  return   build
truth:  open   documentation

test:  returns true if the current request is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  returns   form
truth:  if   check

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return the output of the textile based on the given head value .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  replaces   function
truth:  function   function

test:  same as controlb .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  this function is used to find and execute a given reference file .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  null   program

test:  make sure the timeout is cleared properly .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  make   null

test:  updates the data field of the user .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  default   page
truth:  named   null

test:  return a list of testlib .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  creates   -
truth:  visit   visit

test:  list all python modules .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  this calls the windows library function in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  function   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the path to the directory of the file specified in the local directory .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  get   path
truth:  gets   null

test:  perform the edge in the input image with the given means .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  header is the request .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  test retrieving a tool .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  make   null
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  ensure control character after ident .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset network by id or id .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  reset   network

test:  utility function to convert an authentication string to a string .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a list of all the theme paths in the given themes .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   theme

test:  gets the current timezone for the given context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  creates an expression representing equal .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a user instance with id or id .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  represent   prefix
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody disconnected from the homepage .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  disconnected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  this function takes a set of nodes and optionally returns true if zero and only one or its isomorphic .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  download zip file and save it to file_path .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  download   zip
truth:  download   a

test:  sends an nginx .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  commit   commit
truth:  create   a

test:  skip a test that duplicates only mkdir duplicates .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this function takes a list of opening and hot order .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  null   implementation

test:  horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  list all roles available to the postgres server .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  setup   flags
truth:  return   a

test:  call the specified command with the specified options cli example: .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   call
truth:  command   command

test:  test average average solution .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   pool
truth:  averaging   test

test:  given an existing map .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  add   up
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get hostname from a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   group

test:  for number of monomials count the number of non-masked decomposition of proportion for each node in low .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  null   sphere
truth:  null   null

test:  return the subgraph crust by k .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  serialization wrapper for writing to make sure that any data can be handled .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  returns a boolean indicating if the wcs has an image .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get the python ipython ipython ipython ipython ipython .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  get   django
truth:  get   get

test:  read rich text from the input .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  push a new block document into a new media-related .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  step on step definitions raises an exception if the definitions of the definitions is not case .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  default   default

test:  gets sid from the specified name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  return   copy
truth:  is   null

test:  removed the current environment and delete it .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  context   set
truth:  modify   null

test:  using the streaming api to check the full 20 api .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  write   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  the setting value should have a kodi value .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  setting   wrapper
truth:  takes   a

test:  divide all coefficients by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  function   function

test:  set security groups to which file exists cli example: .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  attach   user
truth:  modifies   null

test:  saves the message to the latest version of exponential .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  this is a helper function that takes a record and converts it to a record .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get an instance by name .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  profile   check
truth:  to   check

test:  download an image from a file or a dict .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  downloads   install
truth:  return   args

test:  return the path to the datacenter .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  break   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  pretty print the depth of an x .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  return   indent
truth:  depth   depth

test:  drops a database .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   sets
truth:  drop   database

test:  takes a list of binary sff files and returns a single string of fna objects .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  format   send
truth:  write   a

test:  compute input from the input data constraints constraints constraints into one of the inputs according to the inputs of the input tree .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   override
truth:  compute   compute

test:  determine whether a given matches with the name .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  handle selection .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  logs   callback
truth:  select   null

test:  check if the user can delete the given addon .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   return

test:  wait until a vm is being imported or id .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  assert that the contains function is changed .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a window with a simple hamming shape .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  call   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the page to the specific draft from preview .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  load   a
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  verifies that a certificate lineage lineage have the same lineage .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  header   null
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the loops for the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   intersections

test:  return the selected lxc cloudwatchevents cloudwatchevents .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  retrieve   try
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of the courses that have not been courses .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sorts   a

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidates the graph to ensure its safe filtering .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  decorator for volumes to do not match the volume .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  command   mean
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts binary representation label to integer .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  convert   label
truth:  converts   integer

test:  returns an xml string .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  to   null
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is pyenv .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  helper function to create a collection to search .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  join the execution of a different spawned thread .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  join   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  create or deletes the toggle signal .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  start   a
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a sequence of sequences to the given condition .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks that idea is an alternate alternate line .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the view and whether it is a report or not .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  return   use
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the prefix of the accuracy of the prefix .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  set   set
truth:  default   default

test:  get new repository .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   null
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for step in parallel .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   compute
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns the url to the given endpoint[ url .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  get   get

test:  update or add manifest from resource in manifest .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   container
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   open
truth:  null   routine

test:  list the startup disks disks :return: a list of the current startup disks cli example: .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  remove a topic push subscription on a topic .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  reverse   fetch
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  expands a list of characters into a string containing the given list of column names .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  null   null
truth:  xor   xor

test:  return marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   marker

test:  a helper for handling zero or zero unknown - zero if the original .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  determine   load
truth:  given   a

test:  get media descriptors user_data .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  this function takes an operation code and turns it into an human-readable code object .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  takes   unpack
truth:  returns   a

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  parse the contents of a service instance into the structure .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  print   print

test:  find size of filesystem .
truth: utility function . 
test:  find   size
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a pandas error to a percentage .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   distance
truth:  converts   a

test:  a 307 redirect to the api redirect to the base url of the file .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  null   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   titles

test:  make sure that the four attribute of theano items in numpy .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  testing   number
truth:  tests   tests

test:  transform the array of binary labels into a flat array that is right keypairs of binary arrays .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  return   return
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  download data from url to a progress file .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   data
truth:  download   download

test:  reverse the displayed playlist .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  displayed   calls
truth:  order   order

test:  return the path to the appropriate l2 path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  select   compare
truth:  null   null

test:  return an element with one level of the given list of values .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the list of language names for the given language .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  return   return

test:  compiles all controllers in the application .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   null
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return a datetime .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  join   current
truth:  return   return

test:  return a path to the module that should have a default value .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  function   path
truth:  provide   null

test:  gets the md5 hash of the specified string .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  hex   md5
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  prints a datetime value for the current transaction .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  build the error message and error having to validation .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  build   a
truth:  prefix   a

test:  provides a configuration with the given command and kwargs .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  start an entry in an instance .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  takes   options
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  adds a custom cocoa configuration to a config .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  to   add

test:  enforce a nice structure on the local node .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  if   null

test:  a private private key and create a private graph with a private key to a private key .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  run   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  modify given certificate responses for a course .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  null   request
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  api: accepts path .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   path

test:  takes a row and returns a dict .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with noheader .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  dos/windows step .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  entry point for all keystrokes from settings .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if keystone is installed on this minion .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  this function takes an end of the life of the life and returns the handler that is the life at the given life or life if the life .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  are   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this function returns a list of all files below one or more given folder and all files in the given folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  files   configuration
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the style loss for the given *q_var_name* from the indexes .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  compute   symmetric
truth:  computes   style

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  bind events on the pyglet .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  test that all .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  text   url
truth:  write   a

test:  try to get an element of markdown text .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  function   convert
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the available netatmo weather sensors .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  to   call
truth:  call   call

test:  return list of lists of series of series .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  return   number
truth:  figure   figure

test:  escape a string so that it can safely be placed .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  generate   string
truth:  replaces   new

test:  clears or sets the ccx field of spec .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  chain an expression into a qt dict .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  function   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  takes   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  the function is called from scripts .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  look up the dns records from the specified dns domain .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  returns   errors
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a commit version from v1 .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  lookup   calculate
truth:  is   diff

test:  returns the file at path as a byte string .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  debugging the trace hook to be used by the styles .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  function   set
truth:  call   pdb

test:  dynamically load an entity service .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  cleanup temporary dirs/files .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   up
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  list transfer of a remote transfer remote access to scp .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  output   null
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  given a url that may or may not have a query parameter and its parameters .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  replaces   urlparse
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare the jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  convert an object to the native object for numpy notation .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  convert   object
truth:  takes   in

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the average of the average value from each series of the average value is farther than three datapoints from the average of the average of
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  to   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test template_name function .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   show
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether an object is an instance of a built-in type .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  just a string as a valid string .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a list of the calculators .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wait until a key is loaded .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  custom formstyle for anyone .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   function
truth:  default   default

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that something expressed in the right distance of 0 are properly written .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  escapes a string for use in a url .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  quoting   database
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  remove operate or patch from package name .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  create   find
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  class decorator that instantiates a class with a metaclass .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy data from the source to a destination .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  null   null

test:  new version of the dot mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  find   number
truth:  null   number

test:  flatten an iterator .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  flatten   indent
truth:  convert   app

test:  finds out the mako docstring from docstrings .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  return   script
truth:  fill   a

test:  returns the root directory for the given site .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  returns   directory
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the sql statements from the database and the appropriate empty string .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as unit_propagate .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  wraps   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the url to a relative url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if incomplete files have write permissions .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  if   path
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  search up a query and search for use as a list of chronologically names .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  function   pairs
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file or stream and build a parsed file .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve the state data from the salt state data and display it from the salt state .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  function to find the function: function: content map an edge .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  retrieve   build
truth:  list   list

test:  sample weighted cosine function of weighted samples see also be sorted by the binary statistic .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  return   var
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   up
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : goto id semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read 64bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   16bit
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run before displaying the next code result .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  null   run
truth:  executed   null

test:  retrieves single volume type by name .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the gauss-hermite quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a model for a dictionary .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  add given function to an existing list of named inputs .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  add   a
truth:  bind   cli

test:  check if were running through a directory .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the text of the source code for the current pagerduty .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  execute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  method decorator that makes sure the current db is authorized to the function with the behave of the current function .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a directory name .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  find   find
truth:  starting   starting

test:  create the directory of mkdir mkdir mkdir files .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  like   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  to allow support tasks to include in the tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate some slices of the source image .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  return a filter to check if a specific group is created from a specific group .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  if   return
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of all jobs that meet the specified contextvar cli example: .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve and display the list of texts .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  sets   configuration
truth:  iterate   null

test:  convert the value of camel data components into camel data structure .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  convert   snake

test:  function to decide which methods should be called only .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  to   display
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting completion for bash shell .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  the javascript tracker tracker tracker will be console .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  null   end
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator that makes sure that the function is not npn .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   fallback

test:  return a dict with the current value for a site .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  create all parameters or module and return the api .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: validating build parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate the because of a s to the closest model .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   copies
truth:  null   eval

test:  helper to transfer bins from keen to the list of events or as a single client .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  return the list of facet facet facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  return   return

test:  unassign a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return v1 == v2 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  retrieves   calculate
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  we try to mw the server search string .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   mode

test:  return a record of the create a constant .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  return the matrix with each row having size .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert aware :class:~datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  given   a
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  test   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  return the path where path is absolute .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  does   remove
truth:  provides   null

test:  tests that we can load nodedent .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  dedent   null

test:  convert an absolute path to a file: path .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reset the cache for all websocket and stores them in the given cache .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  reset   reset

test:  splits an auth string into a given list .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   a

test:  parse enzyme records into iterate object .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   enzyme
truth:  parse   cell

test:  import error node .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  list   error
truth:  if   check

test:  orv == orv == orv(intersection) .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   orv

test:  create an error in a collection .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  return the dictionary with keys of the form .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  performs   a

test:  run a command .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  run   function
truth:  return   return

test:  testing that the proposed output contains no features .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  uses findtexmf to wait the command to show arguments from the given event command .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  output   wrapper
truth:  run   run

test:  remove all files from one directory .
truth: many builds . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates the device id .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a list of warnings .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  takes   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  ensure an apache module is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  marks a callback to be used when printing of record .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the total cost of the graph g .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create the full theme inheritance name for the given theme .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  instantiates   returns
truth:  name   name

test:  this function takes the same course and returns the most one that this messages should be called when the counter .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   top

test:  get the function text from the filename .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of option names .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message about the experiment usage:: log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   log

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   f
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return all available boot services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  send an email to the users manager .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  add   a

test:  extracts the version from the version string .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  runs the designated module in the subprocess .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  starts   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  returns whether the given request has an authenticated user .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs to fasta .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   seqs
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the ssh command .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns whether the specified user is enabled .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test to make sure that boto access to the bucket is actually a symlink .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   suspend
truth:  test   test

test:  run json as json .
truth: compress json . 
test:  do   null
truth:  compress   json

test:  save sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  context   redirect
truth:  make   null

test:  create a new file if it exists .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the entire text of the file in the directory of the file in the directory of the file in the directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use netmiko to execute show arp on pynet-rtr1 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  computes the child dependencies of the given dict .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  null   null

test:  this function converts to the value of a chunk of html to the escaped time .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  call   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the length hint of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  returns   add
truth:  return   return

test:  finds the vmx and the datacenter from the datacenter .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return a filter name for the given filetypes list .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  filter   filter

test:  takes a list of order order and converts it to an order .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  order   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  helper function that returns an answer rule for the given rule .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  force   a
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  time series .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  null   balance
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  null   logging
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set the given course to the course .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  sets   view
truth:  set   set

test:  test that fixtures and after a correct fixtures which was not set .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the object is an instance of a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process filenames for all files many files .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   null
truth:  process   process

test:  return the url to the request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns list of names of the given config .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  given   a

test:  checks that sample ids are duplicates and more duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  downloads an example file from a bad url .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  download   a
truth:  if   null

test:  clone a repository into a new directory .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  uses   uses

test:  validations validations check if necessary .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure the specified elasticache group exists .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  parse an http request .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  try   try

test:  table text table designed for humans .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  text   text
truth:  fixed   null

test:  compute the dot product of a and b .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  look up the first from the list of arc .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  put   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  create a set of sets of variables in a task .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   property

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  returns   download
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  merges includes code into a dict .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merge   prefix
truth:  merge   merge

test:  prompt the user to provide a value from a variable .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  duplicate duplicate elements of a list unique by --hash_key .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  adds an exception thrown by an exception .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays to another .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  saves   one

test:  remove the website from iis .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a slice which is equal to the given n .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  take   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse information from user info .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   queries
truth:  parse   parse

test:  restore the configuration of the portion of a configuration file .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  deploy   config
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the attenuation matrix for an array with values removed .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the problem_weighted_score_changed of a given temporary file .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  project   project

test:  ensure that the input string is a set of trans['from'] .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  default   parses
truth:  ensure   null

test:  only load if pyrax executable module is available .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  let   dependency
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  note that the received repository dependencies are tuples and will be used in the received location .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the python version string .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the version of the release .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test dimension exception handler .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  dimension   dimension
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  check to see if the list of files have been run .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  files   null
truth:  if   null

test:  show related items from related to related .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the cliques cliques of given chordal .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return data passed through signal and filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   data

test:  gets the port number for a pair .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  get   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  sends a get_or_create and redirects to the specified query and redirects the students url to your " .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  have   null

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  display the users insecure .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  function   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  validate a qcolor from a color table .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of tags for the given exploration .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if the given object has the given *obj* .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invoke a az^2 attribute with a socket local request .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the bootstrap .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  bootstrap   scan
truth:  import   import

test:  run a salt client .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  name   name

test:  the theano pickle function that just creates the classifier dataset .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   example

test:  commits a slice by preserving the index into a pandas operator .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  take   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached process .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  verify   starting
truth:  starting   starting

test:  decorator to make sure a function needs to be logged in the current review .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  skip   a

test:  extract the flat list of tags from the given list of tags .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  see   replace
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount a previous storagepool to download a file as a bad one .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return an aware flag from a flag or dense .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   description

test:  split each sequence into two arguments .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yield all files names in the given directory .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  find   null
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  this function will test if the deployment contains the current deployment .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  null   track
truth:  null   salt

test:  determines whether file is file into specified directory .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  test singleshot .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   isactive
truth:  setting   setting

test:  apply mime comments to ways .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   null

test:  setup sudoers for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  null   action
truth:  add   commands

test:  test reading of taxonomy taxonomy .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   test
truth:  converting   test

test:  calculates the 0]else function .
truth: aux function . 
test:  make   apply
truth:  function   function

test:  generate the entry from the l{klein} shed page and start the static shed page .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to check the data array for array .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  allocate   a

test:  saves the task definition to the specified task .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  save   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  this function determines the rpm rpm and return a list of its positive .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  null   convenience
truth:  null   convenience

test:  check if the given url is valid .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  list of files for all users .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  return   users
truth:  get   get

test:  reconstruct a thing id from the current block stack .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   null
truth:  to   null

test:  deletes the tags from the file system .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  delete   attributes
truth:  add   add

test:  sets the text of the widget .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  create   a

test:  get all services that match the criteria .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates whether the value is a nofollow request .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  null   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  standard main entry point to show up a local one .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  choose   notification
truth:  null   level

test:  link to the oauth2 draft in the issue .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  to   link
truth:  to   link

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  load a value from a given template file .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  reset   undo
truth:  null   null

test:  generic database tables .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  ensure   issue
truth:  null   database

test:  make sure we are able to restrict a list of lists for sending file with l or even if the right orm .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  performs   fake
truth:  write   a

test:  only load this module if python-ethtool is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a new keyring cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   keyring

test:  returns the url for the given prefix .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the virtual disk spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add an http response to a response .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  add   add
truth:  caching   set

test:  returns true if the given node is eligible for a specific node .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   check

test:  returns a list of team information for the given course .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the ca ca certificates from the path .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  gets   one
truth:  get   get

test:  finds chebyshev between points of distances from distances to given distributions .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  detect   coefficient
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a datetime into a datetime .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  convert   parses
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   get
truth:  display   a

test:  return the [{"doctype": loss .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  generate a random string with bad characters .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  sample -> dict return an expression where each element is writable .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  a decorator that handles a function as if the result of a linear case .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  safely remove the directory path .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds the contents of numtips to the given number of numtips .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  set a database to database sqlite for the given connection .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   routine
truth:  set   defaults

test:  context manager for temporary disabling file descriptor .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  context   null
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a little helper function that is used to create a little example .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   room
truth:  null   a

test:  specifying the stack stack is not not not not not left and the class will be not restore the stack stack .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  default   stack
truth:  stack   stack

test:  save image to disk .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  process   image
truth:  showing   null

test:  validates that all the given runner and action can be stripped .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  calculate threshold isodata .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  threshold   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  generate tests to show for the command line parameters .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  execute   render
truth:  print   print

test:  decorator to indicate that the wrapped wrapped methods .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  given an image context .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   info

test:  pick an genelatex to the process .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  context   function
truth:  latex   latex

test:  ensure that we can create cookies from cookies .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of *method_name* config dictionary for each of their input variable .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  run   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  a decorator for handling dummy methods .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  raise   assert
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove double quotes from the string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  s   decode
truth:  string   string

test:  verify if certificate was certificates .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  to to put a host in a specified host .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  returns   service
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and return an attribute value for option of type optdict .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  update database with database .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  nltk/ function to try to queries from the workflow .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  if   null
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  pack source into a dict of source tuples .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  project   a
truth:  list   list

test:  fit a single iir transform using a predicate .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  array   epochs
truth:  fit   fit

test:  set up the spider log spider for the given spider .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  upgrades   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  reconstruct the contents of the matrix f from a .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  setup a slash .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  null   a
truth:  point   point

test:  get the group policy for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts a datetime value to a date string .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that decorates a function if the driver is not false .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes a new channel for an rpc service .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  make   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  settings   null
truth:  null   method

test:  run the js tests in the console .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   source
truth:  run   run

test:  return the help command .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  function   run
truth:  default   default

test:  return the disk profile .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  configured   disk
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert file name from a file .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   file
truth:  convert   a

test:  simple simple simple extras of extras extras .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform a power to ram cached on the power status .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   entry
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  apply our rules for a collection of chunk_size .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  stream   a
truth:  null   strategy

test:  poll and check if .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  make   a
truth:  handle   chain

test:  return a list of lists representing the final inset xrds .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   multiple

test:  looks up an email for the user .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  removenamespace based on the specified colors .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  string   open
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer convert a float .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  null   integer

test:  computes polynomial composition of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   resultant
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  convert any key=value type or list into a dictionary .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  make   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  finds the central diff of the model .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   weights

test:  a decorated method with the given arguments and kwargs .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  show   helper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  encrypts data with the given secret key and secret key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  encrypt   decrypt
truth:  null   null

test:  get list of median value alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   median
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  null   load
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an array of model items that correspond to the given tree but the selected items .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  plot the given sensor of a given class or plot .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   plots
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns either the absolute image or runs for a given file .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  null   a

test:  given an iterable of taps .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  function   split
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  create a display display for this image .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  display   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  writes and writes the contents to a given name .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  create   file
truth:  write   something

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  return a formset for the given kwargs .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   reset
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  tries to convert a unicode string from a file .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  construct   unicode
truth:  to   attempt

test:  helper method to replace list of human-readable data from the user .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  edit   set
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  takes a url that will be used to extract the host from the given url .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   a

test:  clears globally installed plugins .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  destroy the given tenant or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  similar to escape() .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  command   command

test:  converts a list to list of all the ith tuples .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  turn   string
truth:  transform   transform

test:  decorator for retrying addition and populates the cache to cache if getaddrinfo is true .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  null   permissions
truth:  makes   a

test:  shift_expression : relational_expression ge shift_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   and_expression
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  give a simple pypubsub implementation from a new alphabet .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a full backups .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  join   join
truth:  function   function

test:  convert longitude to numeric utm zone .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   filter
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  return a list of the keys of true .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   power

test:  validates that the settings passed in settings are the names of the fields for the [-2 and that corresponds to the names of .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  verify   load
truth:  checks   checks

test:  split an index into chunks of indentation level .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  copies   xml
truth:  formats   formats

test:  get a authorization connection .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  requests   a
truth:  initiate   a

test:  edit an existing draft .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  copies   log
truth:  edit   media

test:  elementwise natural cosine function .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  tell worker(s) to modify the task by sending it onto the current task .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  copy   decorator
truth:  terminate   task

test:  given a class object .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   type

test:  runs a python function as a unittest .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  func   database
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a function object .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  returns   event
truth:  null   null

test:  return a uniformly standardized assert_is .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  return   sort
truth:  expr   expr

test:  ensures that the exploration with the given model .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes all values provided in dict and list scoped input: it .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   add
truth:  func   func

test:  entry point for conversion process .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  resolve the global configuration .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  host   host

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper function that load epochs into the epochs object .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  bootstrap   generator
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  the entry point for the grid .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the password of a named user cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  reset   a

test:  returns a list of paths to instance of the given path .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts to the label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   hosts
truth:  add   multiple

test:  check for password in views views .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  to   users
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning a set of pk nodes with limited fields for rendering the parent alias for rendering the parent alias .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  converts an index to a list of all the encrypted _init_centroids .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  index   letter
truth:  to   index

test:  register the new user .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  utf-8 utf-8 encoded bytes to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  function   string
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the minimum clique complement of the graph .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions in the form of each group in the data .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   one
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bitbucket start a bitbucket with bitbucket .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dict of the keys of a set of values .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset points from the loops inside the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  saves a form to the branding branding .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  saves   set
truth:  save   a

test:  read the last word from the production file .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  null   kernel
truth:  null   kernel

test:  return information about the dhcp-opts partition cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  return   information
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   negation

test:  given an iterable of :class:~datetime .
truth: as above . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new endpoint for a specific endpoint .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  create   up
truth:  insert   a

test:  performs a non-existent request on the given output .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  performs   up
truth:  uses   uses

test:  this is for subclasses of an modular module .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list all zones for the given profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  list   zones

test:  get the aws key for the specified key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given an adapter url .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  finds all available submodules .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get the test tolerance that represent the specified numpy type .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  test   use
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  check if valid key is in csr or in the pem .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   validation
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture that provides a fake download stub for the application .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stubs out at the program .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   config
truth:  patch   patch

test:  let the binary image for a gdb .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of merge .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  comma   wrapper
truth:  null   policy

test:  return the alias based on the period of period .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  get a colormap and send it to the canceler .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the dhcp options exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  if   dhcp
truth:  if   check

test:  returns hikkake hikkake value with all floatx characters replaced with a given css .
truth: from url . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   packages
truth:  updates   packages

test:  return the contents of the file contained in the directory .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  return   text
truth:  string   string

test:  delete the tags from the given api returns {deleted: true} if api was not deleted and returns {deleted: false} if api was not deleted .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   running
truth:  running   running

test:  return the number of a precision into a precision or 0 .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  to   value
truth:  filter   filter

test:  run an s3 object to the specified file .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  null   mark
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the requested indicating that this media player should render its requested player object .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  creates a template resource resource resource resource resource definitions .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove records from the given record .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  looks up the overridden from the configuration file .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  iterate   function
truth:  given   a

test:  raises a helper method to raise a nested method .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  give   null

test:  resets the cached state for the given revision .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  decorator that checks if the user is logged in .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  checks   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  print a list of trash .
truth: remove message . 
test:  expire   markdown
truth:  remove   message

test:  returns true if the current request is websocket for the given lower .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  if   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  list all subdirectories .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   up
truth:  list   list

test:  the main function .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  point   program
truth:  run   run

test:  max pooling pool .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  try to determine if a module is a relative module .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns permissions for data_format .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  assigned   get

test:  only load if apf exists on the system .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  if   load
truth:  work   work

test:  return a dict of the environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a single package for a package .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  return   uninstall
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a salt signal from the specific configuration .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  create a factory that joins a 1-std array with a given basic .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper method that filters a list of patterns that are not in the list of patterns .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  takes   remove
truth:  function   function

test:  expand a string based on the function call .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  update the style library .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  null   style
truth:  update   style

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  extracts the url from the url that a particular pattern .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute polynomial composition of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  compute   entries
truth:  construct   a

test:  place that the versions of apps which apps are not versions .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  step   null
truth:  test   test

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  null   part
truth:  null   part

test:  create a new workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  activate   a

test:  used for generating and -c .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add a user to the default site .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  to   changes
truth:  add   user

test:  get the user object for the given username .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  append the current release_id to the background version of the source file .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  integrate plugins to the context passed in .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  change   plugins
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  returns a random string/key of the given value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  safely open the directory for a given filename and wrapper .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  given   check
truth:  like   like

test:  computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  this function function function function open and helper to the server .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  function   retry
truth:  function   function

test:  get the current fqdn .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  get   get

test:  get the primary key of the current machine .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create an alternate vfolders .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  defining   script
truth:  load   load

test:  convert fits record in fits format to output format i .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  fits   convert
truth:  record   record

test:  dynamically find the value of a resource .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  user will check if x is a proper shape .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the dummy config spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  characters are stored in string and no more characters .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  escape   filenames
truth:  simulate   null

test:  marks the view as being exempt from csrf response .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  return the timedelta of a timedelta object formatted as a timedelta of days .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   entity
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  copy the system in the system to b .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return a copy of params which do not have any parameters matching the secret key .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  calculates the harmonic mean of the mean of the input array .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  factor a square-free polynomial in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  get the primary user for the given user .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   pull
truth:  return   return

test:  look up the user if he is not available .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the same memory as a function .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadata-schema namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  controller to upgraded .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a view that takes in the app or a view and returns a view instance of the user .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  url   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the group module if the kernel is sunos .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  set   set
truth:  work   work

test:  parse the steps in a domain into a tuple .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   text
truth:  parse   a

test:  draw a file in the previously-cloned .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert the input into a string with nested values and represent it .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  converts   a

test:  this decorator will generate the wrapped function to test to ensure that test data specific timeout handling .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  to   use
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   loop
truth:  get   get

test:  return the running version we dont have mod 'darwin' .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this function will play a nice to play a given period in the project .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  produces   a
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the file with the provided keys .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   randomly
truth:  return   discrete

test:  do not allow the file or systemexit .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  null   cbs
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  send email to inform emails .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  adds   email
truth:  given   a

test:  set the connection info url parameters for the url being used by the win32 command line .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  get the jobs .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  like   like

test:  return list of filenames for all jobs in the given list of files .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  document   returns
truth:  walk   null

test:  helper method for reading consuming from the python repo .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test qcolor when invalid version is invalid .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute a query by name from several parameters possibly evaluation .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  null   sql
truth:  execute   sql

test:  filter the md5 checksum of a file from a given related related info .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the md5 hash of the hashing dimension .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   interaction

test:  status edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  insert : rule | definition_type .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  clean out the component of a component .
truth: clean component . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  clean   component

test:  encode the given headers using the given set of headers .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns the url for the given site .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   url
truth:  return   return

test:  return a set of packages installed within a venv .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for modules that are empty .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  empty   trash

test:  a decorator that tuple-ize the result of a function .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  marks   generic
truth:  func   func

test:  tests if the target is set correctly .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  empty   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a boolean array representing a addongithubnodesettings .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   python

test:  deletes an xml document .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  cleanup   create
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse the markup of the contents .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  define   null
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively traverse all files in directory and extracts the tree .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  given   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  test calc_footprint without distortion .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  calc_footprint   test
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the given list of values .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   product
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the list of completions .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  null   method
truth:  update   update

test:  expand an attribute metadata .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  break   ipv6
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  process the xml element by xml element .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  given a beets vhost .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  parses   check
truth:  is   input

test:  generate a l{filelogobserver} per stochastic training backend .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  signal   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  find file data in a folder by looking for the specified package .
truth: by default . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  default   default

test:  outputs the first variable passed in the list .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  removes the given security groups from the instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   remove
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  takes a mac address and converts it in the host to a unix timestamp .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb numbering and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  import a file from an fpath module to a module .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  module   a
truth:  content   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   target
truth:  define   null

test:  check that prefilter works with attribute errors .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  define   test
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  register the data to be executed when an image contains a valid image .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  register   classes
truth:  registers   null

test:  release an interface to a previously set of interface .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   a
truth:  release   release

test:  ensure that a stonith stonith is set on a node with a given stonith .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  if   compute
truth:  ensure   null

test:  displays all registered action actions .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  renders   render
truth:  render   render

test:  start the admin server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   null
truth:  start   start

test:  returns true if it may be a hermitian or a matrix with a lu prefix .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifying the output with expected results for expected edge with log equal to unity .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   null
truth:  verifying   null

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   wrapper
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   data
truth:  sign   data

test:  enable the rdp service to disabled name the services to start .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  async version of a transaction .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   async

test:  expected expected __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_one_default_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure memory whitespace is ignored before the number of column names .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   readers

test:  show all available apps .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  function   url
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes and encodes to base64 using the given string .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  serializes   encode
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge list of dictionaries into a single socket .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  copy   copy

test:  checks if an object is a file-like object .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return the value of a comment with the given style .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  write the logs .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  display   null
truth:  adds   message

test:  check for the existence of the required permanence filter .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  retrieve a keyspace in a keyspace in a cassandra cluster .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  if   check

test:  yield pairs of pairs of each key in key .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  reduces   a

test:  run the local auto tests .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the partition size of the given partition .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  unzip   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  returns the path to the current operating temp directory .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  inspect the current greenlet to ignore an optional page .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  error   error
truth:  print   a

test:  return a color color by name .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  get   null
truth:  color   color

test:  renders links for image vertically .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  null   null
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test collecting join inputs to a unique join .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  helpful for n-dimensionally .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   information

test:  performs a logger on all of the logger .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  close   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  return links to show links .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  null   back
truth:  null   null

test:  check the mysql server is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test if not installed .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure we can compile functions with compile .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   compile
truth:  ensure   null

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  return the power of the first kind of n or equal to n .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  return   approximation
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the scalings .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  scale   scale

test:  returns the config options for the git checkout .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the day and whether it is the day .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  return a function that .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  normalizes   runs
truth:  solves   null

test:  refine the given enc .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  server   int
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for rruleset methods which are not caching to manipulate the cached item in an apiproxystub that calls the method .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns true if the carbon server and the server port is true .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that the value of the first constraints constraints to a fixed constraints .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the shared access key from the environment or well .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  function which gets the main event loop from the remote host .
truth: main loop . 
test:  output   section
truth:  loop   loop

test:  create an api request object with the given http request object .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  make   factory
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   stringprep
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  returns the records for a file .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  create   null
truth:  require   a

test:  return the number of scalars month month .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  downgrade an downgrade v3 .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  change   a
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  checks if there is an open connection in the nictag nictag .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  divide all coefficients by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  clean up the temporary directory by scanning .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  include   null
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a relative path to the base_path family .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  make   a

test:  update available access: cli example: .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  this function prints out the object of a box object .
truth: main program . 
test:  takes   operator
truth:  null   program

test:  return the chvatal icosahedral graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a query string into a dict .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parses   decodes
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  null   effect
truth:  null   effect

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a descriptor .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of users .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  show the current user .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a class that measures the given each of the given arrange .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return imports .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  package   get
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function takes a bug that implements the input n and returns the number of arrays to the right value .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  mean   style
truth:  return   a

test:  list all partitions from a list of partitions .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  trace   k
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  load an ]]] token from app and return the token key .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  loads   in
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  working   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  merge the given volume to verify that the volume is valid .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  merge   configuration
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   group

test:  read epochs .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  function   multivariate
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a send task report for sending email report .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  do   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a matrix expansion of quantiles .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  file   inverse
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start a celery worker in a context manager .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  return the name of the file by the dot file extension .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if the list of cyclicly is a tar structure .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  check two lists of seqrecords features .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given string is a writable version .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return a tuple which can be used like a two-tuple of a given host .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  null   pprint
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return the name of a locale based on the request .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   check
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   predicate
truth:  if   null

test:  display a product list .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  null   admin
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all the them by causing them to raise them to raise invalidgitrepositoryerror if the boot .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create an image by setting it to the given length .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  find   remove
truth:  given   a

test:  walk the directory tree .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  walk   function
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for methods that returns the last equalized of this block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  ensure   keys
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build and build a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  factory function for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the tuple in the application output if it the wsgi application .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the default fetch for the current thread .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty version .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that makes sure that the function is not alpn .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  takes   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the current utc time as a floating point number .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  return   current
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  this function takes a pandas object or a pandas dataframe parameters obj : pandas .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  null   frequency

test:  returns a password digest for the given username .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  generate   level
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to amazon aws connection :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  assign   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  send create db .
truth: send create database . 
test:  create   signature
truth:  create   create

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for orders .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a list of unread records for each user .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  ip   triangle
truth:  get   a

test:  checks if the given list is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called only time the server stops before a reload .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  find one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  retrieves   one
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  get the current hash of the specific manifest name cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the result of the result suite from the runner and the given runner .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  helper to find the git commits from strings which may contain any .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list profiles .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   options
truth:  list   list

test:  return info about all ntp extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a set of all the given type .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  set   set

test:  encode a string as base64 using a cookie base64 alphabet .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute docker commands on docker .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  code   run
truth:  to   prefix

test:  get the location and the current request .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap an structuring method with an argument and __str__ .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  create   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert a list and return a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  make   a
truth:  list   list

test:  lead field meg using screed meg variables .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  to   argument
truth:  null   field

test:  module view .
truth: module view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  run the function .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  text   null
truth:  command   command

test:  this function will 500 all the 500 response .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   real

test:  convert a long integer to a polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  converts   helper
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  returns an object of a particular event .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quotas the linear unit vector down the image .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  perform   part
truth:  apply   apply

test:  create an implementation of the curve field in the curve .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   create
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a -> string with all matches in the string .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  trims an array and largest data .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  trims   null

test:  given a list of small .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  output   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the squared error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  calculate the hash value of a string .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  outputs the contents of the block if the value passed .
truth: display the date . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  display   display

test:  write a string table .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  null   formats
truth:  write   null

test:  extract the installed request .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  escape   username
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  this is a helper function to help make a file that validates the actual image .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  write   image

test:  connect to the netatmo devices .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  return a signature scheme object pss_sigscheme that can create or verification pkcs#1 v1 .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  simple_stmt : * | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   price
truth:  null   null

test:  clears the dag for all users .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the given property of obj .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  return   obj
truth:  get   arguments

test:  ensure that argument passed to str .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  ensure   s
truth:  if   null

test:  return a tuple of the elements of a tree .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  returns   change
truth:  walk   tree

test:  reads html files from a copy of a given .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  push   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  get the current user .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  import   name
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package using -e which defines the requirements .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  asynchronously retrieves the indexes indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  run the test suite .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of bits that represent the given list of bits .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a compiler tag for a defined node .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  if   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  sends an inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  refresh   refresh
truth:  null   null

test:  download api file .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   method
truth:  download   api

test:  return the file at path .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  null   return
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a authorized public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the mnist to see if the mnist has been possible .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  save   tests
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  converts   normalize
truth:  string   string

test:  get a block device mapping entry to find the block mapping .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decorator that decorates a function or method of a specific level .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  define   decorator
truth:  logging   logging

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  return   enable
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  return a datetime for the specified year .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  null   metric
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to find the packet packet and extract the resulting fields from an ordered response .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  transform a list of issues into a dict of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  provides a context object for use in tests .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  find   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  iterate over all example filenames and their names .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  yield   elements

test:  create a dynamic collection .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  update   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  function enforces non-null value for keypairs key .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  add   dot
truth:  adds   function

test:  decorator only applicable applicable functions and marks in nopython .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser --> step .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  null   reset
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize the json configuration file for the test configuration .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  look   configure
truth:  logging   logging

test:  send non-maskable via a signal in gif cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  send   a

test:  solves the equation x_{1}^e + x_{2}^2 + .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  sync the list of modules and create the current modules dict of the modules tags .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  grab   function
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  extract patch from a sqlite image of a given ast image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  ensure that entry is an entry will be returned .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  only load if the dockerio module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run xlsxwriter records in default mode .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   xlwt
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  this is a wrapper around binary .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  text   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the path to an executable command .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  command   command

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   null
truth:  running   running

test:  jcr: the last services that should have written or in the given service .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  utility function for creating the cost-per-click cost .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the list of all the data for a given cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  indent   reference
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of valid indices given the name of indices .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  generate   prints
truth:  return   a

test:  the sens test for the null test .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  train   null
truth:  load   load

test:  helper for the entire english english if it doesnt exist .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   try

test:  compile a python group pattern .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  compile   adjust
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compares two lists of different values of different definitions .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  check   cosine
truth:  return   return

test:  recursive function to list of disks .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get the value of the first word .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  collects a single job from the queue .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  to   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns used to filter step step for margin and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  fill   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this downloads a scheduled plugin .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  given two possible operators .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  change   a

test:  create an array with the first image of 2 .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  return the number of users that are following the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  callback for showing the result of a close message .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  called   home
truth:  close   close

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parses an sampleid id into rst nodes .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  search   search
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  send an email when a new request is created .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  to   null
truth:  request   request

test:  gradient of the scalar value of the desired frame .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  return   join
truth:  join   path

test:  test for reproducible pdf output: simple figure .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  formats   check
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  creates and returns json .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  null   js
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract the urllib2 from the header value set to the http request .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   link
truth:  extract   links

test:  print the results .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  print   print
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  load the network addresses assigned to the specified ip address .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  load   ip
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  get connection to the virtual server connect .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the modified fetch of the git fetch the git fetch .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  require   find
truth:  make   null

test:  check if the website is installed .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the value in the current thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  calls str .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  test   topics
truth:  is   null

test:  imports from file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  content   content

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  searches   like
truth:  need   need

test:  disable an disabled if the named service is disabled .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  converts an xml string into a profilesfeed object .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : morerules morerules | ruleitem .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  unload ipython .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  sort   shift_expression
truth:  unload   unload

test:  return all security groups for a given group rule .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   instance
truth:  rules   rules

test:  plot influence from the given list of axes .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  evoked   plot
truth:  plot   influence

test:  write and python tunnel to remote files .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test fit a bound constraints with jacobian constraints .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   operation
truth:  test   test

test:  list all call necessary to a user .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  parse   entry
truth:  set   up

test:  gets the number of groups that are present in the phone number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  test   testenvironment
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  find the value of a querydict dict .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  backend   individual
truth:  find   find

test:  performs a random image with the same shape .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  carves up a dict of the where params is a dict of the where params is a dictionary of dictionaries and xml-summary .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   up
truth:  carves   up

test:  run a synchronous query w/ .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  add allocated_id to the database .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  upgrade   file
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: metadata publish builds on build failure .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   queues
truth:  atom   atom

test:  counts the list of paragraphs .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  generate   strip
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the currently active redirect language .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  recursively resolves the given object and all the internals .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  resolve   null

test:  persist the current user id to the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   sets
truth:  persist   a

test:  write incron configuration to xml .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  create new cloudpipe .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   get
truth:  create   a

test:  return an test filename for a test file .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  uses list of corpus to find all corpus in the given document .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert 2d patch in a clip to a numpy aliaser .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   replace
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse the conf configuration file into .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  print   try
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the decorator that logs errors for public methods in swifts or errors .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a unique initial hash of the given object .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   md5

test:  register all versions into the pull request and pull request .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  null   list
truth:  receive   messages

test:  this function checks if the two lists should be included for a particular line .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  set that the acl acl to be removed .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  this function is not needed because it is not threadsafe .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  serve   remove
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a classmethod for filling some arguments from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  raises an exception if the goal module is not in the cryptographically .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  start   start
truth:  trigger   a

test:  clip value to an array .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  transforms   val
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the type name .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  just a checking for the existence of a callable .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  return   return

test:  tweets timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  view   view
truth:  display   users

test:  within the given ip address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  if   version
truth:  if   check

test:  take an attribute dictionary and match it into a list of attributes that match the specified attributes .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   null
truth:  match   match

test:  register the function functions .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   register
truth:  function   function

test:  calculates the value of the jacobi symbol where both a and n are positive integers .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  null   symbol

test:  retrieve remote method object from method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  run   get
truth:  remote   remote

test:  run basic coroutine for the most likely .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dict with keys of function-group names and values of the selected stream .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  null   version

test:  parse a string like python parser .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  print   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a new given data .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace characters with a string .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a datetime object to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the minimum of the minimum power of a function .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  given   a

test:  validates that the settings in django settings are correctly .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  project   project

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  download data in the db .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  backend   a
truth:  download   download

test:  returns true if version is a valid version string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parses the kinds and returns a list of sizes .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  patch multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   multiple
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns the sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  like   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for python .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  creates a storage object from dictionary .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the cut size of a directed graph .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  has   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a jinja environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return file root directory if it exists .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  cast an object to the byte string .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  return   obj
truth:  null   helper

test:  try to find the value of a table .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  converts   try
truth:  to   try

test:  given a string containing a number of non line numbers .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  null   function
truth:  takes   null

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  translate text into a single document .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for ec2 modules with old modules that are built .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  to   compatibility
truth:  return   return

test:  extract data from a timeseries header parameters data : timeseries to load data file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   django
truth:  null   binary

test:  make a database: api that includes the given half of each entry .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the index of the hypervolume with the least the hypervolume hypervolume .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string representing the number of characters representing the given string .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  insert   insert

test:  set a subscription .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  tries to check if the version is the same version .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  search   try
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test validation .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that distances are passed to a transformation test .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  given a function that either an argument or a signature name .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   null

test:  generates ready for published multiply .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  sorts   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert apostrophe characters back to unquoted strings with " .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  given a vm content and a list of file .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  retrieves   data
truth:  use   use

test:  this is only used for testing the virtual security certificate .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  sets   load
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   denominators
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  creates a log folder for tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  store a certificate to the given certificate name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  add method to schemaentries .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   method
truth:  add   add

test:  require the afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   source
truth:  require   null

test:  djangos distribution against __context__ .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  apply   helper
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a single root connection .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  plot ccpr results and a given point in a circle circle .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  indicate   plot
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  adds a __slots__ or function to an existing url .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  add   return
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test url the fetch class is fetch .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  retrieve   unicode
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure that the provided schemas match this schema .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  import   import

test:  generate x .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a mime mime containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return processes information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  processes   processes

test:  finds the current working database .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a certificate is passing the status of a certificate status .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  if   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return the address type for the given address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  returns   replacement
truth:  return   return

test:  old decorator that should work with caching .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   a

test:  a list of tasks .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  print   view
truth:  list   list

test:  recursively list all python modules under the given environment .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the completion model is set .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  elementwise entropy cosine function .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a better better title .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  deletes   method
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  query   query

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a random id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  null   page
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that the development objects will need a postscript for a case when no optimized present .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for multiply .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split a list into a list of nested lists .
truth: take a token . 
test:  split   call
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of configured ntp peers .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns list of elements of bounds with elements from low sizes .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  read bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   parses
truth:  read   64bit

test:  handles prereg data for prereg schema .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  landing   page

test:  indent a string into multiple lines of block .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  text   null
truth:  given   a

test:  takes stub value and supply and return value .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  updates   filters
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves an results file to a file .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  gets the named container from a watch .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  list all containers .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a pretty print list of paths plus a datastore key string .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   a

test:  spectral error measure of two independent samples from a 1-d numpy array .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  approximate   kernel
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses a hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   a

test:  decodes the given dict of strings from a list of tuples .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  name   decode
truth:  convert   convert

test:  executes a classical transform on the individuals individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  this method will send enrollment with shoppingcart .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  create   request
truth:  create   create

test:  build the reverse domain name for a given address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  make   null
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure that the given markdown extension inputs .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  trivial   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the footer email as a footer .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  append   a

test:  search for a given file or a given module if no name is specified .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  lookup   a

test:  the signal-to-noise ratio of the input data .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the 3-regular graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  determine if the node is intersecting or is too long .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  inverted hammer .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   star

test:  switch frappe .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  check   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  retrieve the spider loader for the given class .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  temporarily remove a single existing config .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   config
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be installed .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  like _varintdecoder() but decodes a bit integer value and decodes it using the base64 f .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  float   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  check if the metadata of all the metadata xml element is made .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  to   resize
truth:  check   check

test:  validates long .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  to   function

test:  the oids according to the language .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  extracts   time
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns an incomplete {'all that is not a dict of subsection {'all .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the product of two elements of a and start with values of the given values .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob from google cloud encryption bucket .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  helper to ensure that a --version file and all the source spaces are a source :type {attached: .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  given a segment .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  pops   return
truth:  return   a

test:  this wrapper for the quickfix .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  download   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  helper function for creating a batch in code object from the caller .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  handles   null
truth:  function   function

test:  register a new user .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  launch   sets
truth:  launch   launch

test:  extract the list of records from the collection of another path .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  create   view
truth:  read   read

test:  ternary shortcut .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  select   number
truth:  implements   implements

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  displays the system halt .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  return a list of a network networks or none if the server is the cnw .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  serve static image-based textbooks .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  display   display

test:  loads in bytes from a file .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   openssl

test:  set the value of given page and save it in a new page .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from the plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  returns the comment comment comment for the specified comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  translate   comment
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using a polynomial -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  solves   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that the contents of a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  do not assert process if pid is running .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the hash value for a file in the given file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  run the command .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting a feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  control   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if the given name is in system .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  if   username
truth:  name   name

test:  possibly the current user and store it in the current user .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  patch   add
truth:  patch   patch

test:  fetch the list of activities from the given user and limit .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  control   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we can run all assumptions .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  verify   transform
truth:  try   try

test:  decorator that checks results of the application type .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  to   check
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a telnetlib .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   a

test:  name: dumppacket args: session: : list of tuples or path to the current process .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  null   null

test:  fetch the list of compute ips for the given server or none if the given criteria .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  calculates the exploration contributors for the given exploration .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse and turn an elements of a tuple into a tuple .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parse   string
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data as android .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   gunzip
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  sets the profile image to the user .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  null   api

test:  split whitespace and whitespace from whitespace .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start command to run the start command .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  create   delete
truth:  creates   null

test:  start the test and run the plan .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  format   tables
truth:  run   example

test:  test url from local url .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  format   converts
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the keystone host is absent name the name of the host to remove host the host of the host to remove user to remove .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  call the pattern on the master and user-defined if true .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   function
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns a python implementation configured with the given python build .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create the spider object for the given request .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   wrapper
truth:  create   a

test:  check whether the specified user is responding cli example: .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  if   return
truth:  open   open

test:  pull translated strings from transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  simulate   compile
truth:  source   source

test:  gets the number of users that a specific country number for a given region .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculate the checksum for a given string .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  converts   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  wrap a string in a list of words by a single space .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a time string into .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of the elements of a square set of any var(p) axes .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing in fill_values should only replace matching names .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  verifies that the given certificate redirect to the given certificate order and an existing order .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  if   check

test:  parse a set-like header into a dict with the same key .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  compute the balanced accuracy of the vector whose names are the given class .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  default   default

test:  make sure a path is unicode .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  see   variant
truth:  returns   a

test:  this always works on all systems .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  takes   convert
truth:  convert   nt

test:  given a list of names or a list of security names .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new theano shared shared shared shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when the --continue-on-collection-errors flag is set .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  verify   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the state of a given instance .
truth: given an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  check if the user has cart cart and is cart or is cart .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  check   loss
truth:  if   checks

test:  get root root node for a node .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  run   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the status status is mutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a channel name to a long integer representing the number of bytes required by rfc 1952 .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the matrix in the given degree .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  return   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  take as input a tar file and collects the output file .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  convert   handler
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  db   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  puts the given mapping file into a dictionary .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  compute the log moment moments for each through a given set of log moments .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   logging
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that the datasets contains the same state to the given calculator .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 uuid of a namespace uuid and name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  depending on urls that are the same .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  is   null

test:  register unicode objects for unicode keys .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  null   return
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture to set a forum .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the lg webos tv platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  returns a dict of id -> int .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  return   update
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  create dask array from a dask array with integers -> x**rational array .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  return   num

test:  finds and returns the expected health config for a given monitor .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a test method for tests that skips the given function .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  verify   decorator
truth:  generate   a

test:  benchmark performances of the training and the permutates throughputs .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  null   throughput

test:  decorator that can be used from recursive tests .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  redirect all of the security options .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  switch   parses
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  model -> model update lettuce steps .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  lettuce   content
truth:  are   models

test:  return a form for the given form instance and the optional hmac .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  returns all of the status of head .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  write   try
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load the initialized module from the present file .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   null
truth:  list   list

test:  regression test for a bug that occurred on python 3 .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  issue   dot
truth:  null   null

test:  this decorator validates that the given function fails to validation the validation when the supplied parameter is called .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate eip vpc publishing to release .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  null   error
truth:  null   vpc

test:  tests that mamely check if an invalid model is raised .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  adds new user permission to default group if not exist .
truth: add user default . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   user

test:  this is the currently active when the kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the event messages for a given request .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  to   default
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  show all of the expected widgets .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see responses .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  return the immediate children of the given children .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the status group counts .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  get   get
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   encodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  lettuce before running the project with gae sets .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  manage   test
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes the t-test for the ems distribution .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  mean   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  loads the addons+collections from the list of fips .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   data

test:  implement static files using static file .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  fill   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random sentence-like string .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  computes the total correction of the set of values in the bipartite solution .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  registers a hosting service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   class
truth:  register   a

test:  perform forward to induce stationarity/invertability .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  view function for internalerror a handler .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  find the first element in the page list and find the page in text .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  find   a
truth:  using   null

test:  clears the user info cookie from the datastore .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  return a list of list of the unique items which are unique as a list of order objects .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create a csv from the original row of indices .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize a report type given by the given values .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  code   code

test:  writes a stream to a file .
truth: like write . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  builds the operations adding desired criterion ids to a campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  open a file in definition format to definition .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  load   routine
truth:  open   open

test:  instantiates the file if necessary .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  return   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone of a file .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates current user .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  turns   example
truth:  null   null

test:  waits until the system has gone to become true .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  call   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  create blocks blocks from a blocks into its blocks .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup pid for process .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  create   a

test:  create a new tree of branches .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement m .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists wiki documents .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the string or directory of a group .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the xdg cache directory .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve information on a specific selinux mode cli examples: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   information
truth:  report   report

test:  given a list of lists .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  scan   new
truth:  null   null

test:  the list of views to the resource .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  retrieves   authentication
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a set character .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return a string with the specified number of places .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  to stop/power off a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  return a dict with containers matching containers .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  stop   stop

test:  change the state to debconf cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  attributes   metadata
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   null

test:  unregister a value from the registry name .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  combine games into games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  combines   returns
truth:  combines   a

test:  returns an ipv4 address that has the ipv6 number of bits .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  dataset   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a cache cluster to a cache cluster .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  get   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns the function used for the duration of the callable .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  render an executable file .
truth: render config template . 
test:  default   null
truth:  config   config

test:  retrieve the module thats calling function from the module .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  get   return
truth:  load   a

test:  given a collection of description: objects .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the current linux distribution for this linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the template limit .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  limit   limit

test:  test the selectdatewidget .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  remove special directories which are created by the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  build an option to dynamically try to connect to the specified option .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  build   build

test:  serve the thumbnail .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  fill in file name like {a .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  to   apps
truth:  function   function

test:  test guestbook_name .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  code   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value to a queue .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  converts   entry

test:  return an url to the color article .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  form   os
truth:  get   get

test:  set the cached data for all checks .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  change   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  free implementation of python 2 .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  copy   character
truth:  if   null

test:  splits segment matches from one file header .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  validate   log
truth:  is   segment

test:  return push service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  train an iis action to the non-negative directory .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  evaluate   back
truth:  do   one

test:  split a find into its component parts .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  split   mime

test:  return the socket header .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   options
truth:  creates   a

test:  return snapshots that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   snapshots
truth:  return   backups

test:  computes the expected variance of the normal distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  generate   number
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  raises if the given version is available .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  verify   versions
truth:  set   a

test:  reset the database to the latest state of an interactive database .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  to   reset
truth:  executes   null

test:  create a new blockdevicedeployer device for a specific test .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  slope relu implementation .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   sets
truth:  rectified   null

test:  create an image description from a string or a dict .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update the specified host for the specified host or update .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  copy the config and create the last location to a new location .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns current reporter .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format money amount according to the specified locale .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   formats
truth:  format   a

test:  this this method is to this this this method this method is to the cli portion of the cli portion .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  swirl image using swirl / 'strength' image .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  calculate   image
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the cached requirements for a specific file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  add vector3 to the list .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extract a key for a given update=false .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  constructs   copies
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the network attach config spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   returns
truth:  builds   null

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  to   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  used for libvlc_event_manager the game .
truth: print returns . 
test:  have   number
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all the files that need to be removed from the master .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  if   test

test:  combine all dictionaries and data from a given string .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  return   return

test:  splits url or unicode into .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  updates the state of the pages with the specified viewpoint .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   episode
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find an int among letters .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load all certificates from a given certificate .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive documents .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return list of message names and locale for the given language .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  does   null

test:  looks up an object as a date .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  string   value
truth:  default   default

test:  the restful handler for notification state .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  request   null
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  compute clusterings mutual between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  replace the given image with the given version line .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  save   a
truth:  write   version

test:  helper function for computing the sphere field .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  return   null
truth:  do   null

test:  return the python root directory for a given directory .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test eip disassociate bogus .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  null   eip
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  do the actual callback to display an answer .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  use   use

test:  helper function to compute the first kind of f and q .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  expected value of the bound power of the determinant of the determinant of a wishart-distributed wishart the logarithm of the expected value decomposition of the expected value of the determinant
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  value   number
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: build-discarder specifies the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:custom action that sends the build step .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  gets a list of all interfaces of the given module .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  create   system
truth:  gets   null

test:  convenience function to apply to chunk to a numpy array .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   product
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the score of the noise distribution .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  to   compute
truth:  compares   null

test:  gethostbyname -> address return the true host name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  gets the list of datacenters from the given service instance .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   null
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  return a string describing the scheme that is not good .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  elementwise sign of theano .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  elementwise   a
truth:  return   return

test:  run gui .
truth: gui test . 
test:  check   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns the events to use for conditional_websafe .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  start   a
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deletes the specified floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the information from the specified instance .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   details

test:  check if an addon is available on this web server .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the module class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize python data object into a separate code for use with the given encoding .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  do   handler
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns an array of group objects from the given type .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of tuples: directories for the given function .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  to   get
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a version of filesystem that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a class such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create the otu table of samples from the sim table and put it into the sim sample metadata .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  null   otu
truth:  make   n

test:  build the list of filenames to show the target .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  generates   a

test:  add a user to the specified group cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  set   a
truth:  add   a

test:  make sure a string is utf8 or unicode .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a string for use with a cookie header .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create an user on the database .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  cache an ec2 security group from a security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  change   network
truth:  authorize   network

test:  give a graph of tool out tool output .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  create   disk
truth:  null   helper

test:  sort the list of tasks in keyword arguments .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   lx

test:  returns the aware datetime .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  time   null
truth:  null   timezone

test:  miximum incoherence .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  multivariate   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey in a simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  make extension extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  make   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: gatling specifies the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log parser plugin will be automatically include failed builds with the scm build failures plugin .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   sys
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  attach   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the ip address from the given request object .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  ip   ip

test:  remove ? from the text .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  retrieve   object
truth:  get   get

test:  temporary wrapper for adding a temporary file to it .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  dumps   create
truth:  null   serialization

test:  check if the course is in the required survey .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  if   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  formats   string
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  skip whitespace at given position .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  retrieve   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  tests the test function that return a dict with the given arguments .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  if   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a dict with the current value of a zone .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  get   return
truth:  compares   null

test:  full args should not allow the full result to keep the height .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  set   use
truth:  null   contributors

test:  return an array with evenly spaced values within a given interval .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  launch   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index page: displays all orders .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   null
truth:  index   index

test:  list installed packages .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  list   package
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clean one or more entities from the container rootfs directory .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  clean   up

test:  view function that handles the user to redirects to home page .
truth: log out . 
test:  simulate   redirects
truth:  log   log

test:  list media instance in media list at a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  list   null
truth:  index   index

test:  create an array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  fill   return
truth:  array   array

test:  returns true if and only if the request is the role names from request .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  if   check
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that given database is absent name the name of the virtual host to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of all admin groups .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   view
truth:  display   a

test:  checks if the specified module is default .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   checks

test:  close the http client and close the http endpoint .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  close   a
truth:  saves   null

test:  display a useful report after setuptools output describing where the bokehjs status is installed .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  define   prints
truth:  print   information

test:  retrieve information about the sensible resource formats .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verifying that asserting a column of issues and that the right binary issues .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  coerce object to a list; or bytes .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the log file with the provided rackspace .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   up
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of the module names .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  insert nested lists into one .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  insert   add
truth:  value   value

test:  yield the message and change its subdirectories .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  debugging   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return the info from a specific package name .
truth: return package info . 
test:  gets   information
truth:  package   package

test:  take a list of names and return them .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  turn   add
truth:  gives   null

test:  deprecated api simple instance using service account .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  shared   a
truth:  set   up

test:  setsubtensor -> sparseblockouter .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  to   work
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  displays whether or not the computer will sleep on power if supported button is on a string value representing the "wake on power cli example: .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  display   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  run a list of tests .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  run   docstring
truth:  handle   osx

test:  create an old-style template file .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a python command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict describing the ipv4 addresses .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  ip   ip
truth:  ip   ip

test:  generate a url at which a request token will scopes the request token .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generate   url
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  loads a check class from the given module .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator that checks if the passed in the database is supported .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  attribute on all the lookups of the given schema .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  mark   connect
truth:  handle   handle

test:  retrieve context for current context .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   in

test:  get the version string for the state of the current request .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   version

test:  find the current window for the event .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  helper function that returns a timestamp string .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  call a function or a evaluation .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  call   calls
truth:  if   thing

test:  marks dictionary values as a parser for scrolled constraint such that constraint works as well as key .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  return a list of all package names .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  generate   dummy
truth:  place   place

test:  check for nova docstring .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke a cache ingress group to a cache security group from a security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   a
truth:  revoke   network

test:  error -> none retrieves the error level .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  ensure   errback
truth:  null   something

test:  determines if the current request has permission to access a given request .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generates rank for ros group ids .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the cookiecutter not built with a cookiecutter entity .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  ensures   call
truth:  call   call

test:  returns current line number within a string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a dict from the values dictionary .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the vdi of the vdi source .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for rectangular polar .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  checks if a disk disk is valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  test %reset stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   stack
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  look for something on the decorator; .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  catch   a
truth:  null   lhs

test:  regression test for #3319 ensures that the right table currently used with a column column .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  throw   values
truth:  test   failure

test:  get a packed special data matrix .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  null   dummy
truth:  null   row

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  show the null node contents .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the description for a carrier .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  converts from step .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  execute a database and execute the sql query parameters .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  generates a number from the given number .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  return the content url of a url .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  generate   url
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  do the actual work on the student_view .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  do   estimate
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce coerce to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  convenience function that works with all 2 .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get namespace attributes .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  string   string

test:  apply the drag and mathematics .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  to   exit
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a raid device by name cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  list network interfaces .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  returns an instance of :class:sessionstore from the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  set   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create the ndarray from an nmap image .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   metadata
truth:  test   test

test:  records -> zeros_like(x) .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  create a figure .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the modification .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  function   section
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get vector3 from prefix .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a hash of the given token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  make   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  create a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the data associated with a given repo .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  to   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loads all tests from the list of test pattern .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  return   find
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  returns the version string for the current device .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the libraries for a given instance .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  run   method
truth:  run   a

test:  serialize a single *expr* type for floats into a single string representation .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  executing core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   time
truth:  test   core

test:  returns the lower triangular portion of height height parameters logbase : array-like the upper triangular element of distortion logbase : scalar .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   information

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   provisions
truth:  null   provisions

test:  salt token .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  request   stores
truth:  if   null

test:  parses information from file upload upload information and returns none .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  look up the backup metadata for a backup .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  attempts to add a message to the request using the request .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   fake
truth:  adds   a

test:  return weeks as days .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  returns   header
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches the given message from the database if it exists .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  fetch true if any of the password excluded from the given one .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  required   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  return a minimum string with the given character value .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  tests that the program can be ready if they are not installed .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  check   null
truth:  finding   finding

test:  rename a specific configuration file .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  rename   sets
truth:  rename   rename

test:  test shim .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  null   test
truth:  bind   bind

test:  converts an index protocol from the original protocol to a protocol database .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  index   return
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  determines if the class has a known instance .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   returns
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  prints the list of all attachments .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a json json data role for the given role .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  create   wrapper
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if a vlan already exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  parse the existing config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  edit   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  generates the app .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  checks the python source file is in a starting namespace .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  create a workflow of the given target .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   null
truth:  build   build

test:  return the n-th n-th number of the states in the given list of values .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  reads a status from a url .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the list of filter filter args: app: : the location of the location to set .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  by only the footnoteextension function to run in setup by only passing the sub fixture by that fixture by the test .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  return   sys
truth:  read   read

test:  return whether val represents a value .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  if   test
truth:  returns   validation

test:  convert serialization string into boolean value .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a data structure describing the selinux modules options: : none can be installed but for a specific interface cli example: .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  explode   null

test:  retrieve the master servers that is attached to the given desired name the master function function .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  break   a
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  parse a sentence s e .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   filename
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a line in a mounted chart .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  create   a

test:  displays all variables in an array and return the list of variables .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  given   function
truth:  return   a

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  change frequency of daily updater thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  test the full description of unicode strings .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrade a sound corner corner measure for tp .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return the changes between 2 models and 1 .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  output   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the associations associations .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  parses   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  tests the nonvoid format to make sure all items matching function works as specified in the accompanying map .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  testing   assert
truth:  if   self

test:  send an email to an appropriate channel .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  null   max
truth:  time   time

test:  return a sqlalchemy tag or a smtp smtp tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   check
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in devappserver2 .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  send an email .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  send   send
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the file path to the folder in the folder folder folder .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  display a list of all the figures and joins the last call to a specific show .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  returns true if the number is alpha .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the pid of the named pid .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  null   get
truth:  is   null

test:  creates a new graph from an adjacency matrix given as a directed graph g .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  utility for the given style to the given *nditerty* .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a random string/key of "b" characters .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generate   wrapper
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  this just verifies that pydotprint items in theano theano equation is used to make sure the really completion .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  output   theano
truth:  is   null

test:  extract new environment variables from the provided directory .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  upgrade   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stores all of the grep paths that should have been modified by the buffer .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  create   csv
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a date in the current systems date format to a datetime object .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   date

test:  return a list of ipv6 addresses for the given user .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the coordinate value of a vector3 vector3 .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  compute   median
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the path to the expand that contains .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  step for multistringformfields -ic .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  run the file in the given file .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  extract and return the contents of a node from the node .
truth: like node . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  like   node

test:  view the filters for the given template .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  registered   edit
truth:  configures   configures

test:  execute command .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the list of repositories .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  configure   configures
truth:  return   a

test:  normalizes either an element or base .
truth: like zip . 
test:  make   a
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  search for a rendering resource by the given path and name .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert decimal size in bytes into human readable size .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   partition

test:  create list of files that exist on the given list of files .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  filters   run
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns true if the given dict has any of the collector fields .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the suite passed in is the default master .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  override   format
truth:  return   return

test:  that doesnt get a unicode string .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  to   correct
truth:  object   object

test:  new version of django .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   up

test:  search for a given string using ignore keywords .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  searches   function
truth:  function   function

test:  filter files that match the given completion .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  filter   a

test:  load the china data as a dataset .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  run seqret on the given module .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  null   text
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test efficient surface accumulation .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   filter
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging for the script .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method in information .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  return timestamp for given time .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  time   null
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  remove the overridden module .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the top level level from images .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  import a key in the given <filename> if needed .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of the two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   calculate
truth:  finds   elements

test:  return a function that raises an exception if not not not success .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  takes   normalize
truth:  keep   null

test:  return as many opens opens .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the request headers that can be the given http response .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  read from master file and write them to environment .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   returns
truth:  reads   a

test:  return the path to the directory .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  retrieve   path
truth:  return   return

test:  only load this module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: zeromq zeromq event bus .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a time in bytes into a human readable format .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strategy that release/version the contents of the strategy the pre/post equation to the pre/post that the execution auditing the execution should be returned by the pre/post .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the clickable specified by the comments .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  return   url
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  return a list of gaussian distribution objects .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  add a list of dictionaries to the final function available .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  create   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the module in the given directory for the given path .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an a null record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  deletes a security group from a security security group .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   clones
truth:  clones   clones

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  require   a

test:  decorator to ensure that the user is a collection editor or not .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  call the socket to download and end of the connection .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  closes   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  extracts the environment pythonpath and appends sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  subtract   environment
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates the authentication methods that defines the given options .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   a

test:  tests that the same code matches the same code as the to_dict code .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a dictionary with keys of the element whose keys start with the given key .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  return   values
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable representing a fair distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   function
truth:  create   a

test:  decode a bson string to a file .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  takes   create
truth:  convert   a

test:  download services from the given services .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  to   loop
truth:  check   check

test:  finds the index index for given language .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  source   source
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for get word from c++ file syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin into easy page .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  copy   a

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return a toolsource of all of the provided 63 .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  return   tree
truth:  check   reference

test:  removes the specified extension from the given code .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  removes   function
truth:  unregister   null

test:  interpret a string as control id into a context .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  interpret   parse
truth:  interpret   a

test:  allows the editor to save the editor of a editor .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  save   signal
truth:  called   null

test:  execute queries from minion and return the result as a string .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  to   a
truth:  read   pillar

test:  return the vpn status cli example: .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  return   versions
truth:  gets   current

test:  generate a line of the input data with random subset of each distinct line .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  estimate   request
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the display of this version .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the response data as a bytestring .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  view   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   mark
truth:  mark   mark

test:  cache the contents of a file into a file .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  extract the loops according to the loops .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  listing   listing
truth:  listing   listing

test:  adds a handler for the given logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   new
truth:  add   a

test:  run a given package in a package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  search   run
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  return details about all elasticache table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  get   return
truth:  describe   a

test:  only load if apf exists on the system .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  release a list of available audio output devices .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   null
truth:  frees   null

test:  return a datastore key from the specified key .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  remove   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename or a file .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the acls list of acls and return the correct values for the given user .
truth: check acls . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated value as a evaluated value .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the communicability matrix of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypt and code in aes .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypts   build
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when cabal-install is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check to see if the mkfs matches the supplied gradient .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  connect   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parses a property property or raise a player .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns true if the object is pending .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  find code in a unicode string .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  return   register
truth:  creates   a

test:  a synonym function that returns the main axis of a single axis .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether we can generate a file for other configurations .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  checks   checks

test:  patch the extract_dir .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   replace
truth:  patch   patch

test:  gets the facebook of the old accounts accounts for the given user .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  model   handle
truth:  gets   null

test:  set quota usage usage for a given resource and tenant .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  set   resource

test:  return true if virtualenv is installed .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  decorate   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  splitting splitting = { zero or more in the zero axis .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  memset --> type e .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  step   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  helper function to find the use_tz file for a given dataset .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  validates   uses
truth:  create   a

test:  return a polygon based on the given graph .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  like web .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return file generator to read data from a file-like object .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  generate   context
truth:  yield   null

test:  generate random string of source chars .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  convert an rgb image to a one-hot or stack .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  check   rgb
truth:  return   shape

test:  displays complete set of values .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  load   a
truth:  to   null

test:  usage: {% user_display user_display + current thread .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parses a soap enveloped tree .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  ensures that the first app is running .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  create   null
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  helper to configure the blueprints .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  add   configure
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  remove the elements of the list and returns a list without the duplicates .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot gpu_from_host -> extract_diagonal .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  move   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  counts the number of elements in an iterator .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   null
truth:  count   count

test:  get the harris points that need to be of the chunk of this chunk .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   action
truth:  return   corners

test:  returns true if the request is ratelimited .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  used   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  flatten a nested dictionary .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the version of url .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  module   return
truth:  module   module

test:  return nonecur object to mongodb event .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  display a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  edit   windows
truth:  create   a

test:  generate the given file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  displays a list of items .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  link to a user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  null   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  set up the beaglebone black gpio component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  start   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails configure grails step step .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  null   teardown
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a user from the rest interface .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  name   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  threaded threaded using safe to open the data in plain encoding .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  open   a

test:  check if the test is a python script? .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  if   functions
truth:  if   checks

test:  defines the snapshots contributors for the given collection of metadata and version .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  test on file lock and lock cannot be created with no lock matching lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the verisure sensors .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  this page is blank .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  loads a module from the given file .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return the current active window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  return   return

test:  if the user has a different view .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  renders   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  we have to log for all tests that are not associated with a given resource .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  time   a
truth:  log   history

test:  converts a hex string to rgb list .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  change   a

test:  create a new compiler to a compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  regression test for url this is a wrapper that used to ensure that we can need to keep the deriving deriving to perform that the string representation of the right
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  test   null
truth:  exception   exception

test:  checks whether picks is picks or not .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  check   function
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  waits for the element to become a location['x'] element .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the path to the been downloaded .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  returns   source
truth:  null   method

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  iterate over the embl record .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  returns   call
truth:  breaks   up

test:  luhn the luhn number of the card of the given card in the number of digits .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  test   test

test:  select an element from a dictionary .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  replace   cast
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  a decorator to help with the script .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  function   function

test:  fake function that returns a new django format with the given string .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  like   a
truth:  to   null

test:  safely escapes a string with ampersands .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  do   replaces
truth:  null   something

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator error was adds some errors dict of the decorated validator .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  takes   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  normalizes a string for display .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  function   array
truth:  return   return

test:  create a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  contour is list of image labels .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  processing   show
truth:  show   image

test:  display the schema version of the currently set .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  display   page
truth:  view   view

test:  encode the given python name in the database name .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   character
truth:  encode   encode

test:  issue #599 .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  checks   test
truth:  see   null

test:  converts the first text from the node to a file .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  just prevent imports in this dictionary .
truth: internal function . 
test:  testing   service
truth:  function   function

test:  create a dict from an object to a dict .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  find   a
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a source to the source .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  add   add
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  doing mesh data .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  calculate   program
truth:  correct   correct

test:  retrieve a notebook notebook .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  output   metadefinition
truth:  configure   configure

test:  raises the python module if the given module is installed .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  if   checks

test:  provides the admin model for a given comment .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  pairs   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  renders a template into a file .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  form   route
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  sets the modules verbosity .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   updates
truth:  sets   sets

test:  function replacement for methods .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  compute   compute

test:  if the specified identity already exists .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  if   in
truth:  set   set

test:  delete a vpc peering connection from the given vpc .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  validates configurations for annoy ensures that all correct lines are supported by the give library names out of the change in our compatible .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  validate   boolean
truth:  null   validation

test:  this method is called after the test runs when creating a method of the test database .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  return   method
truth:  needs   null

test:  returns a list of occurrences and canvas names .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the reference to a given repository .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  combine   master
truth:  git   git

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  stop   start
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list permissions in a cassandra cluster .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   permissions
truth:  list   permissions

test:  checks if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a content-range header into a tuple of .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  do some target .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  processes   success
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the volume name to a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  simplification of rational polynomials .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  null   strings
truth:  identify   values

test:  create a dashboard widget .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   categories

test:  converts a stream stream into an actual unicode string .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  clean   none
truth:  remove   remove

test:  setup sample arguments .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  command   problem
truth:  setup   argument

test:  returns true if string looks like a python script? .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  if   check
truth:  fake   fake

test:  remove the locks from the locks .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  remove   remove

test:  computes the arithmetic sum of a directed frame .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  signal   signal

test:  gets a code code to be used with the given value .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: exclusion specifies the jenkins downstream plugin .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   show
truth:  null   null

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is fully registered .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  is a relative path .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a hex color to a hex color string .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  hex   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  get the name of the backend to use in the custom partition .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  file   return
truth:  get   get

test:  sends a notification event to the users .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  email   email

test:  join the value in a sequence of arguments .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  concatenate   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  sets the repository repository in the repository .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  resize   copies
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively recursively recursively process a string in any dictionary .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return the intersection graph with a uniform graph .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of articles that apply to passed in topics and products .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of batch normalization to the given list of bricks and train the mean squared .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  get   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  create an xml dict from a list of items .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  print   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  train the model class with the dataset specified by the dataset .
truth: train model . 
test:  null   a
truth:  model   model

test:  title -> daemon .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  read   a

test:  automatically fire the last message to the pilight .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  send   null
truth:  fire   fire

test:  creates an identity matrix for each operation in args .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  copies   return
truth:  constructs   a

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  remove   logs
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  returns api relationship .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return arg from given list .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  takes   arg
truth:  joins   a

test:  return a lexer for various [start_port .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  make   a
truth:  code   code

test:  return the latest version of the named package .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   null

test:  test that an arbitrary nonstandard nonstandard of primary keys .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  if this function is used to be called with the c{django_objects} parameter .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return a list of all sql statements .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator that caches a method and all exceptions from the task .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns the number of instances that a given module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  a simple view that returns the request data in the context .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  null   show
truth:  null   a

test:  build the test client for worker tests .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  build   client
truth:  runs   a

test:  check that the value is a list of integer .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the new users dashboard dashboard count .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a list of paths to sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  specified   null

test:  returns the first kind of the quad .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  run the function with an kwargs .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  calls   calls

test:  validates that the value of our flags are present .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  shuts down the server and wait for all available metadefinition .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shut   pylint
truth:  null   null

test:  alias for max_elemwise{x .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  convert strings to unicode .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   str
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the data from the left partition .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  this function transforms the value of all the information into a tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  signal that this block extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  signal   signal

test:  search for installed packages .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  look   search
truth:  gather   details

test:  calls s3 .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  to   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns true if a is b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  if   null
truth:  note   in

test:  adapt the data as a 2- .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  adapt   data

test:  the first dummy contributors command .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  control   compute
truth:  null   contributors

test:  make sure that unicode messages arent saved at current user .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test working_copy() with a file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  test   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process telnet version using telnet .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  show   processes
truth:  show   show

test:  executes a command .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  to   a
truth:  match   match

test:  *figure* and do the multipart cookie from a given source file .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  -   -

test:  check the correctness of the correlation report .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  to   mark
truth:  to   helper

test:  validate the local cache .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  provide   network
truth:  if   check

test:  decorator to set the driver for the given target .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  log   log

test:  show the current user .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  request   null
truth:  get   a

test:  write one unit at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   one

test:  return a list of unique nn with nn nn .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  accepts   apply
truth:  null   null

test:  send a simple function to a specific exception or function .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  check if rbenv is installed and install or in which the full path to install rbenv .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two lists of indices .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  ordered   null

test:  fetch a file from a destination directory .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  fetch   convert
truth:  download   download

test:  show all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  return   detail
truth:  show   show

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort of functions .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  empty   handles
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   compatibility
truth:  null   builder

test:  find the binary search of the outputs in the complex b .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   permutations

test:  gets the data from the document and formats it as a dict whose revision should be used with 2 or lan_flag: .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  dynamically compute the driver block function for the process .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  count   compute
truth:  produce   a

test:  give the calculators function that returns a cube .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  null   load
truth:  returns   a

test:  clean out any state from the master .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  like   null
truth:  called   in

test:  create a class instance for a given module .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  return local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  return the given dataset as defined by the given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  update   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   strings
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a new adderror method that runs the result of a test .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a time to a string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  bump   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  register a process and raises an error if it doesnt exist .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  register   a

test:  returns the event transaction id for a given type .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  the content type check the accept header for the current accept .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  separates   accept
truth:  choose   null

test:  this method will get the current module for the given request .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  copy a file from a string to a ctypes binary string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns the generalized harmonic mean of a matrix or unicode string .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse the repository .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  check if the current database dependencies are valid .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: scoverage perform the job to scoverage .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   xvnc
truth:  null   null

test:  create a url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of the arguments in the given list of arguments .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  list   list
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  retrieve all quotas associated with a given project and refresh it .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  check   quotas
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  return the amount of variables that contribute the input variables and outputs from each node in the graph .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  start recording process .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  to   null
truth:  start   recording

test:  update the list of blog posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  update   arrays
truth:  update   update

test:  creates a user entry for the given user .
truth: create a user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate the key for the message .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the maximum statistic for each non-singleton order of its descendents .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  sort the given row using the json-compatible english .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  translate   column

test:  given an image .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  make   database
truth:  clear   null

test:  return the name of the versions for this package .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  return   contents
truth:  return   return

test:  set the system id on the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  closes and moving the sending message .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate over the statements in the statement that can be run of the different apps .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  iterate   replace
truth:  null   null

test:  check to see if value is a message parameters dist : str extractors : writeme returns writeme : writeme value to be converted .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a sets of the specified parameters variable : string output of the desired load returns output : set of variable variable with no value to a list of output
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  534 -- resolver .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  copies data or source to the command .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copies   values

test:  return a string to store store the worker connector .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  provide   size
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  remove the temporary directory of a process .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  downloads a file at url to a url .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  process   process

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create the default signal map for each signal in the given signal .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  shortcut for child command to run a child process .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   null
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the order of the first kind of the elements in x .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a unicode string into unicode .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  convert   path
truth:  convert   a

test:  update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  convert a number to a value .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  expects   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only load this module if keystone is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a list of the named mapping .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  finds the first half of the list of numbers in the to the end of the expression .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  count   count
truth:  null   null

test:  classical function .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   use
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of services to the provided module .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the error message if any .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  return   string
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test control values of default values .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   check
truth:  default   default

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  convert   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  setup the available product platform .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  returns the name of the given ip address .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  extracts the html from the refresh by the user .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  extract   try
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure the named user is absent .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  make   null

test:  make a plot .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  load   load

test:  get the class named new-style new-style classes .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to import and retrieve the list of info from the given database .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   convert
truth:  import   a

test:  determine the scale segments and class corresponding to fasta_dir: .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  null   number
truth:  return   return

test:  list all extension in the virtual server .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  check   script
truth:  list   resources

test:  validate and validation the value of a node .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  null   a
truth:  has   null

test:  publish an event from the source level .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  to   null
truth:  publish   null

test:  send a message to a pushover channel .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  echoes   a
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   logos
truth:  detects   logos

test:  dummy function to generate inputs .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  dictionary   shape
truth:  function   function

test:  private wrapper for mutual .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  computes   failure
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the values of the cpu nodes .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  supported   return

test:  converts string into list of trough .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to require the credentials in the background module .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  validate   build
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  schedule the schedule guard for our tests .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  callback   paste
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the x509 form from a matplotlib certificate .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  raise   d
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy a file and all its final info on the temporary directory .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return the given links .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  generate   multiple
truth:  download   download

test:  parse tal tal tal tal tal tal tal tal .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   product
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper method to construct a new system that contains a progress location .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  null   custom

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   home

test:  generate a sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  generate   a

test:  converts a listing value into a list of data .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  used by unit tests to reset the assume_regular_frequency .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  clear   null

test:  takes a list of dicts and converts it to a string of dicts .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return the output of the readme files that are readme from the readme .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  send   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return dict of the specified security group cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   try
truth:  display   a

test:  returns the first children of the cluster if it is not in the cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   returns
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  split a string or a modifier using the given path string .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  given images .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   null
truth:  base   base

test:  reads a socket of the given byte string .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  reads   return
truth:  reads   null

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with given id .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  run arp threads on the server .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs programs directory .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  look   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generates a unique wcs .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  create a node .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  widen the preface gcode text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  null   a

test:  copy the provided test to media .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copy   files
truth:  copies   a

test:  helper function for making an position for subprocess .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  function called by scheduled function in a command line .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send notification notification .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  send   action
truth:  show   system

test:  link to the bokeh .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  cleans   link
truth:  to   link

test:  a with-context that creates a temporary directory and returns its path .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  namedchildren the path between node1 and node2 .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  obfuscate   null
truth:  check   check

test:  append or add manifest as a file .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  null   up
truth:  update   update

test:  load a product from a yaml file .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign a service .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  testsuite testsuite .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  creates   find
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  for a given year .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  download a list of attribute that have a specific package .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  download   builder
truth:  download   packages

test:  get the value for the current thread .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  get   configuration
truth:  return   configuration

test:  return a list of hosts on the system .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the browser widget .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  has   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the relationship .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check for csrf token in csrf token .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   return
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns the author of the user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  given   null
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  link content to removed from source to removed .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  content   program
truth:  null   null

test:  return a step step to step or 'log' step .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  look for options in parallel .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   element

test:  renders a form that matches the rendering .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  form   a
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the psychopy version for the specified git .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  work   api
truth:  manage   paths

test:  create an entity instance as returned by skill .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  puts   a
truth:  get   entity

test:  remove mod['module'] modules from the minion .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all the plugin descriptors .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of choices choices for the given script .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  get   return
truth:  list   list

test:  authenticate using mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  write   file
truth:  create   create

test:  takes a single iterator of user .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  splits   x

test:  helper method to get the timedelta conversion of the unit .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that the column of the desired cursor exists .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  have   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create an equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  set   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create and initialize a new instance using the google api .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  creates   override
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  produce a model for a given model .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  add   converts
truth:  produce   null

test:  return patch .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  prepare   slices
truth:  null   null

test:  get the parse_query_string_settings code of a code .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  unpacks   js
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  try to increase resource limits of os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple with support information .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  project notifications view and optional notifications .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  project   a
truth:  project   notifications

test:  load a module given its absolute path to a file .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   load

test:  converts a datetime to a time in the active time zone .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns an expression of the first zeros of n core_2(n) .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  function to use to find the system minima of the function .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert the string string name to a somewhat-helpful function name .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  to   null
truth:  match   match

test:  read llite stats from stored file .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   disk
truth:  read   read

test:  test evoked pandas data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   estimation
truth:  test   test

test:  find the python traceback and return a list of lines with it .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   find
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: blame-upstream start critical critical .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   null

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  generate the file from the filename and write it to the given directory .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  output   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  same as interrupt but wont no file .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the leading monomial of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  entry point for host .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   host
truth:  create   new

test:  load given path from directory .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  given   import

test:  verify that methods do not throw a formatting object .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  define   usage
truth:  verify   user

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  null   time
truth:  constructs   a

test:  this decorator will mark an s3 directory to the given directory .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  pairs   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the python modules for this process .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  training   a
truth:  create   a

test:  redirect response to a json .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  null   use
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud crud for a category .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   virtual

test:  loads the modules setting from a module .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   point
truth:  load   a

test:  will list of tasks .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  debug   method
truth:  handle   handle

test:  reads the access token from the given app .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  run   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string starting at position start in data .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  same as bit_width .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  null   equation
truth:  null   null

test:  change the value into a column that was all but not capable .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  unicode   windows
truth:  fixes   column

test:  ensure that the _ function we need to ensure that any the explicit function is explicitly importing the _ function .
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  concatenate a raw file into a directory .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  do   function
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  randomly select a random discrete stochastic indices from stochastic .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  find   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors and q from the private exponent and q .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  trims   factors
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart the network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  runs   restart
truth:  do   null

test:  return whether or not we are a python object .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set the screen for a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get command line options that will create the user .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  add x intersection indexes indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return the agent services .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  list   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  marks the view function as exempt from csrf response .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   call
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the list of zookeeper ips for the specified location .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if last modification on windows .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   action
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves the service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   service
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  test if we have a good initial config .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  docstring   module
truth:  test   test

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  takes the localetuple encoding for the cython or a global language .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  build   prefix
truth:  builds   a

test:  use in a string to make a particular type usable by a db value .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  pull   circle
truth:  use   in

test:  returns the parent of the given component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to check users code .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  code   code

test:  create a new data structure with the given private file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  upload   functoin
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing masked columns in fill_values should only replace masked masked columns in the columns .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the given url has a valid parameters .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  context manager that mocks all of the current environment variables to remove a specific environment variables .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   remove
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns true if the given pointer is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  if   test
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the comment format .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  return   response
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the current process is swapping .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the new certificate .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  simplified   returns
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  initialize rnn .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  return   return

test:  run a process and etype .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  like   view
truth:  to   function

test:  get the file name for the given filename .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a doctest .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  null   url
truth:  is   null

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned user is not a com class .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  reconid complex complex to convert "d to complex id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  transforms   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  takes a list of integers and returns the size of the last item in the given sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a tuple containing the elements of a given pipe .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prepare a mock response for a given method and shows the given response .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  function   a
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for series and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl mem_fence() example: # local group .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  internal function .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  print   query
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to provide complex input data for condition .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  value   value

test:  computes the symmetric mean of exposes and weights .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  null   time
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve user information or which the user is not implemented .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  retrieve   try
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  this method checks to make sure the response is run from a vary response .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  request   fix
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  this function returns an active config object .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set remote from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   repo
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  is this media player able to see if .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  start the file in the current working directory .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  start   put
truth:  null   helper

test:  print twitter rate rate limit .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  true if the tree of the given tree .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  slices   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the md5 signature of a secret .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the grid grid of a url .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  display   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve all the available functions .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current cuda error object for a cuda cuda request .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   none

test:  returns the xsrf token that is used for the given entity .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the reference to a file or a match with the given reference .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make the tagged api call .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  make   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return an absolute path to a file .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  null   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  return the output preferred output for the specified encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  elementwise   return
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test error regression tests .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  uninstall   tests
truth:  test   calibration

test:  load all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  restart   supervisor
truth:  stop   stop

test:  validate and parse a regex value .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  unicode   items
truth:  validates   validates

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   things

test:  return the version which is used from the checkout .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  binary binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   loss
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string to a usagekey .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  usage_key_string   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  authentication password .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  shared   authentication
truth:  try   try

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pairs   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get the package index .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   pacman

test:  return the list of users currently selected process codes .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper around qtgui .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of module names from a module .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the negative along an image .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  assign   compute
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  activate the most appropriate mappers .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  null   mapper

test:  returns dataset from json stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  returns true if the given object is a tracebacks list .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  return   method
truth:  null   method

test:  format datetime object for iso8601 .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  check if we can init this function .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  to   return
truth:  function   function

test:  fit fit method with iso elements of the input data .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  rotates   mean
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the absolute path to the file to run from included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a database password exists .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  if   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  remove   dummy
truth:  null   a

test:  gets the stylesheet of a template tag based on the visually defined in the context variable .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  module   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  applies one or more continuous values to the last element of the matrix values .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  register namespace_handler to matplotlib library .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  registers   action
truth:  register   register

test:  update translated translations .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  to   add
truth:  translated   update

test:  function that converts data types to stata types for stata types to stata .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  dtype   converts
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  parses a identifier character .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  parses   d
truth:  passes   null

test:  calculate the set of days that can be used to calculate the note that gets the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  same as cross() .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  returns   name
truth:  return   return

test:  function to return the value of i drawn with the given variable .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  work   return
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink lights .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  load   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  deletes a local cache .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  memoize   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a new message to a feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the status from url as a nested status .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a set of sequences of length bytes .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an image to a boolean array .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  convert   convert

test:  builds the serial port for the managed port .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  builds   up
truth:  config   config

test:  fetches a descendantaddresses scores and returns the list of emails to the given message .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  is   null

test:  allow for toggling to become attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  attributes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns font labels from mnist file .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  load   load
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all repos in the user .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  list   transform
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return a list of all tests that do exist on the system .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  name   a
truth:  load   load

test:  gets the default type of a default type .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  converts   weights
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to retrieve a firewall rule for the given credentials .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  validates an event -> qaction .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  raises a user if the user is not a database password or password .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  if   null
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  add the x intersections from the loop into the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  decode a dbkey encoded string into a dbkey timestamp .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  return   like
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  returns the path for the given attributes .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  replace   path
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  sends a message to the given address and send the given address to a content-disposition content-disposition .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  converts   client
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the known known settings .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  get   get

test:  update the local repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  calculate the dyndns match for a given machine .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  query   block
truth:  send   a

test:  return most common snapshot values from snapshot .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  pick   pick

test:  create a new object that validates the import attribute and the version .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  pad   use
truth:  slices   a

test:  return list of the list of language names for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get path from paths .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate all qos specs from qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  return a list of all data in the organization .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  return   files
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value for a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  check to see if the specific apache has been set .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  read the last .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  read   read
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the device is prepend .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  make   runs
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit user to the given tag .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   queries
truth:  submit   user

test:  this function is eventlet .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  do   null
truth:  is   null

test:  status view .
truth: status view . 
test:  control   tickets
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   entries
truth:  list   list

test:  utility function to get specified amount of amount .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  given   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a json series of a collection .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  convert documentation to list of strings .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  describe   null

test:  ensure the given message was loaded .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test reading a simple suffix in the same file as the attribute .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  test   check
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   remove
truth:  purges   purges

test:  convert an object into a datetime object .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   unix
truth:  construct   null

test:  update the local module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   monkey
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return running totals .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  content   register
truth:  running   running

test:  look up an md5 file into changed filename .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  removes the list of users .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  count   up
truth:  module   module

test:  return the shell command for a given shells .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  read user data from a list of user options and return list of values .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  place a database into the database version .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  place   a
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a test case for the given url .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks arrays vertically .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a string .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate camelcasenames result to camel spaces .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  takes   camelcasenames
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  converts the given iterables to a list of dicts and the non-existent .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  make sure the rdp set on used .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  return   return
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a list of rules name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first item in seq .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  have   return
truth:  null   null

test:  if holiday falls on linux .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate the request to be prewitt from the request .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  attempts to stop a vm by cloning and all its state being able to stop with the console .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  to   log
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  testcase for old home directory if it isnt going to start with the extended args .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  test   null
truth:  using   registry

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  write   helper
truth:  clear   null

test:  an empty store that sets up its name and directory .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  empty   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  helper function for returning an attribute such that the field matches the given attribute .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  header   returns
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  perform a few filter on the given list of values .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  null   matrices
truth:  null   spline

test:  executes commands on an environment .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  build   command
truth:  command   command

test:  retrieves the information on the active history items .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 replaces -> gpu op for optimization .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  check if we have support for functional tests .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  get   return
truth:  show   show

test:  a version of cfstr .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  output   string
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  a decorator to enforce a wsgi application .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns the absolute path of a path on the master .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  function   null
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return the string with the line of the given limit .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  does   null

test:  converts binary data into nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  string   string

test:  return time when a time is passed .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  time   null
truth:  return   a

test:  utility function to truncate a unicode string .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  code   null
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return available packet projects by name cli example: .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fill a theano variable with the given label and converts it to a new theano type .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  assuming   a

test:  run the process and process it the process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  run   run
truth:  runs   a

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  null   method
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller - unfiltered version .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a service name for this windows .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  return   information
truth:  show   properties

test:  reverse the unix socket .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  like   null
truth:  run   a

test:  decorator that allows you to define tests in detached .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: description-setter returns the url scm repository for this job .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   rsa
truth:  url   url

test:  login using markdown .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  -   database
truth:  point   point

test:  create a set of option that can be held by columns .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  given   null
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return the indentation level by the given number of characters .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of all the public projects by the given user .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  uncache the given path and returns the associated cache that was loaded into .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  null   new
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator that will raise a yield-fixture as a tuple in reverse order by the methods in the given way .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  construct   a

test:  cleans the initial environment .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  sent   fake
truth:  supply   null

test:  retrieves the best match between predicted and b .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  return   information
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively add a given directory to all the modules to a given directory .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  start   null
truth:  call   call

test:  take the compiler .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   function
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  redirect to the client from request .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  converts   set
truth:  generate   a

test:  pull the repos from the remote remote file .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  unpack   create
truth:  pull   pull

test:  this function provides the announcements for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  joins   null
truth:  null   null

test:  concatenate variables along an op .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  query the data from a domain to a specific vm cli example: .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   print
truth:  query   a

test:  parse lists of authorization header into a tuple of the scheme .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  calculate the trimmed opengl .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  calculate   normalizes
truth:  computes   null

test:  compute the hmac hmac key for a given key .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  compute rfc utf-8 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  update   h
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return html indicating that the payment processor was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  signal that this block extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  signal   signal

test:  displays the application .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  returns   items
truth:  renders   null

test:  receive a message with the socket .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  returns true if *obj* is a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  if   test

test:  variance of the updater likelihood likelihood .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  loop   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters or special characters in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of the object .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  loads   normalize
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the parse_fasta or contains all pairs from each of the parse_fasta fn_list[-1]( .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  try to guess the dimensions of a larger or its write descriptor .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  return   start
truth:  read   head

test:  converts a value into a list of strings .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  value   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  function to compute the scalar legendre function .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  validate   returns
truth:  null   discrete

test:  consume an iterator .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  advance   null
truth:  consume   null

test:  return the formatted chunks as a long integer .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  float   a
truth:  format   a

test:  given a request .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  if   validate

test:  simplified simplified output with failed table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  output   output
truth:  testing   testing

test:  test resample color by reauthenticates .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  shift   x
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the major minor version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns information about the xblocks xblocks for an xblocks course .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test fill interpolation .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   no
truth:  fill   fill

test:  given the minimum status of a given instructortask .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  get   task
truth:  returns   status

test:  nearest real and mask .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given path resolves against a link .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  same as a += b .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  compare   build
truth:  null   comparison

test:  create a deferred that has the same result as the given class .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  skip   return
truth:  test   test

test:  on windows .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete metadata for an aggregates .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  send   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start the specified time service cli example: .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  create a random pages of the given pages .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  load the specified module from the user .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  null   image

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a multiplication tree .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parses   multiply
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with the authn context declaration .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  return the list of installed version of installed python packages .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  select   a

test:  unpack the certificate revocation list .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a disk to the given vm cli example: .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  create a suitable registering registering registering object .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  instantiate   proxy
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  find the first search by the lookup many lookup .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  return   return
truth:  search   a

test:  recursively collects a zip file to a given directory .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  files   null
truth:  compress   null

test:  tests the repository from an url which builds the same way to the nginx modules without the user .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   sessions

test:  create a pretty request for the given form containing __init__ .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  get   current
truth:  form   form

test:  returns the english article for the given word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns the value of the basic basic basic header based on the file_client header .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  retrieve   user
truth:  given   a

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that an empty version is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   test

test:  emit exception .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  escapes   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  adds access context variables to the context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  infer   route
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear maxfun .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  minimize   a

test:  sets the controls for the controls .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  set   configures
truth:  controls   controls

test:  try and install an option .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   hook
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given a list of public references .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  given   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  create a new api service with the given cluster .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  solves riccati order special ordinary order differential equations using the 1st order variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<dependent equations = *individuals* .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  null   null

test:  use pexpect to retrieve show pexpect from pexpect .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  require a setuptools packages to be installed .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  unmount   server
truth:  require   null

test:  validate the value of a token .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  value   returns
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  performs the dimensions of a matrix with lu decomposition and forward / backward greater than the first .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  execute   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  obtain and return the configuration associated with a configuration .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  get   action
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  return a function that raises an exception if it cant be a function or a function .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the volume name to use based on the volume .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  text   a
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  installs one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   one
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  transform a series into a list of values .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transforms   transform
truth:  transforms   a

test:  get line lists if given given stl .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  return   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  creates a computenode record .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  create   estimate
truth:  creates   a

test:  list the brew brew validation for a given path .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a monitor by id or monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  forced   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure utf8 utf8 .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a valid anywhere for the specified country code .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  validate the url for a bokeh signin code .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  -   -

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return path to dhcp fault or conf .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   path

test:  add a block handler to newline .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return the power of n random samples .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  builds an ip address from the contents of the classical contents .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  ip   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the string2 format in the iso 8601 format to a unix timestamp .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  convert   statistics
truth:  null   inverse

test:  used to dynamically load the underlying mount mount or list of quota mount .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  reports   environment
truth:  report   report

test:  replace python 2 .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  replaces   access
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: tox publish tox results to the build as environment variables .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   union
truth:  null   tox

test:  it should extract the repr repr from the scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test efficient placeholder matrix .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  convert a bytestring name into a directory .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  converts   testing
truth:  converts   a

test:  return url to async or raise if it does not exist .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson double to bson .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   dummy
truth:  decode   a

test:  look up an log path in the given step path .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  match   y
truth:  null   helper

test:  show backrefs message about the relationship .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  fixture   display
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions that return a parsed string .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  add negative cylinder to negatives .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   add

test:  thin wrapper around namedtuple that use physmem .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  retrieve all query parameters from the database .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  get   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  store more than one or more file .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  choose   regression
truth:  persist   parser

test:  append the given parameters to the list of params .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  append   oauth

test:  checks that the tkinter is configured .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  null   implementation

test:  make config arguments from datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  get   a

test:  open and play file .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  to   text
truth:  open   svg

test:  this method provides a generator of groups of groups that contribute the groups of three groups .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  unpack   decodes
truth:  null   method

test:  [file_name by an arbitrary column and returns the node has a new column and returns the column and the dimension if the argument does not have a new line when
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  makes   function
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   add

test:  fixture to return the mainframe of b with known lock .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  lock   lock
truth:  lock   lock

test:  retrieve com dict from the given id .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns true if the given certificate matches the given certificate to verify that file was not been not count on .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks for a files in the s3 bucket cache file .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  find   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  given the common normalization: and serialize the formatting tree into a dict containing the formatting information about the common normalization: .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  returns   partitions
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up the flow in session to recover session against session .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  looks   up
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   widen
truth:  clip   a

test:  gets the list of users that start with the karma .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the web protocol should not allow for auth error output .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  error   approximation
truth:  m   m

test:  takes a file system and returns to be refreshed .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  writes   null

test:  traverse up from current directory and find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  skip decorator for tests if rate is not false .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  iterate over files and directory .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  file   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  returns provisioning configuration and log arguments for certain server .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  capture   up
truth:  have   null

test:  returns the python shell shell widgets for the given shell .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  returns   mapping
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function converts a struct to a native value .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  implements   generic

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   service
truth:  validate   children

test:  runs an consume .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  run   open
truth:  create   create

test:  create a file descriptor by name and return it as a dict with headers being replaced with headers .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the wmf raster of the given image .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns all violations and its violations of the given report_file .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  returns   -
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  marks strings as being automatically translation .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  marks the image as from the repo .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  process the xml element .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  process   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find the wx and populates the parent .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  convert   sets
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the given instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   number
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the given list of lists of documents .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the free free number of dates back to the gpu driver .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   memory

test:  setup the events for the config .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return mongodb connection to the config location .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  return   server
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dict of active backend config .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  parse the dbms volume info entry into a dict .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  execute   delete
truth:  parse   parse

test:  given a view function that exceeds the request access via the history .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  log   app
truth:  log   log

test:  return a string with data that is stored in the word of markdown .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to the database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   database

test:  return a dict of rvm rvm version .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  update   rvm

test:  performs the reciprocal of the flattened frequencies using the flattened power method .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect to the given stream and redirect to the given stream .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  deserialize   unix
truth:  redirect   a

test:  verify given mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image scrolled down at the top with relevant down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the text documentation for a user .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  text   null
truth:  annotate   a

test:  adds info about a user info to the given section .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  adds   returns
truth:  add   in

test:  remove plaintext .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  return   a
truth:  strip   strip

test:  safely remove a file or directory .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  remove   a

test:  return superimposition matrix to superimposition .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   matrix

test:  computes the chi-squared decomposition of a matrix .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  simulate   generate
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  return the columns of the jupyter notebook referrer .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  gets anonymous user by settings .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  signed   users
truth:  returns   user

test:  imports imports with key .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  fix some stuff in the path .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  null   current
truth:  replace   division

test:  makes the plugin out of the test event events .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  construct   convert
truth:  sets   sets

test:  add the directory to the list dirlist dirlist if dirlist is not already in dirlist 2) 2) dirlist if dirlist is not in dirlist 2) dirlist service is not already
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  inspect the specified container container container container container id container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   container
truth:  get   container

test:  convenience function for simulating xenapi plugin responses .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  loads   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  create a mongo client .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if the named path is installed on a site .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends an integer to the git tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  assert two equals sti016 are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  if   format
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a recaptcha with the specified original hello .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  returns   system
truth:  generates   null

test:  extracts the attributes of the attributes string as a dictionary .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  translate a git name from the canonical path .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  add new knowledge item .
truth: new item form . 
test:  index   render
truth:  null   item

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the given form .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  joins   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative jn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  return true iff error rate limiting is wrapped .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  pass   pass

test:  rgb to cie-luv color space conversion .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  copies   converts
truth:  return   rgb

test:  return true if path contains local word .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  mount up the world .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  performs   response
truth:  try   try

test:  helper function to add some non-empty stale to the logger .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  msg   msg

test:  tests whether a url is a escaped url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   test

test:  compares two arrays that are variances .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  return   watch
truth:  verify   null

test:  verify calling inheritance doesnt get implicit .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  step   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a node for it with the given arguments .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the long description for this process .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   build
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  get the heartbeat list for heartbeat .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  teardown   metrics
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register internal trigger types .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  given a configuration .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  close   module
truth:  closes   null

test:  register the special log handler for the given target handler .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  register   method
truth:  registers   a

test:  check if given command is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  if   asserts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy query result to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copy   s3
truth:  query   query

test:  remove gating content for the given content .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   repositories
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  tokenizes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shutdown a running system .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  show all the figures and their values .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  check if encoding is valid .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  validates   show
truth:  return   return

test:  given an exception .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  pull   null
truth:  to   null

test:  read tag data from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   mm_stamp
truth:  read   read

test:  given a list of items:: .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  need   need

test:  this endpoint is the main function that renders the response as json .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  starts   view
truth:  render   a

test:  subclass the user id .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  runs   functions
truth:  run   run

test:  upsample image using pyramid accuracy .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  smooth   null

test:  used to create an queries .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  working   test
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  validate username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  raises   a

test:  find the i{virtual probability of x1 .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check that all namespaces namespaces are unique .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   null

test:  get the xml element .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  redirects to its specified source file .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  rename   build
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a floating point number to a float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  extract the version number from the locate .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   attempts

test:  redirects request handling to the specified state .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  get   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  test for a column on a column of commented_header where the table has no column of the bit table .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces instances like concat with concat_ws(mid(char(0) .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   instances
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that the ica channels are the same .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   validation
truth:  check   check

test:  takes a list of python modules and return the value given as a list .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  process   items
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to find the vms and return the vms object .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an exception thrown by the function from an aws expression to a new critical message .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  to   exception
truth:  convert   convert

test:  escape an ipv6 value to a string value .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  function to check the pci requests are valid .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  context   a
truth:  complete   generate

test:  this function returns the directory of a file .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  find   null
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clear the caches + program[id] .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return a random integer value in the object that can be used to generate the integer value of a and replace the integer represented as a random number of the
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  raises assertionerror if the unit selector was registered in the context .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  recursively remove all files under root .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  save status to session .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  saves   current

test:  update the mongo attribute of all updates to start with the supplied description .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  update   create
truth:  add   add

test:  gets the snapshots metadata for this collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a helper to set the current locale for a specific category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  set   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  return information about the node .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  get   information
truth:  return   a

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials code to see in the code .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  builds   exchanges
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  given the path of a test module .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  report   d
truth:  build   html

test:  extract the number of ordinal from a base .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  extract   date

test:  sync message information .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  validate   errors
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decompress decompress runs on a file .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  null   null

test:  customize the compiler by the given options and splits the compiler .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  saving   null
truth:  null   inject

test:  given an object and a list of template statuses .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  to   return
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the region codes for the specific country code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  create some __init__ file on the device .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  initialize   setup
truth:  function   function

test:  list data in a given monitor .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  show   a
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  declare the interfaces interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in the class definition .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  list active mounts on freebsd mounts .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find a ovs search for use with the given search .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  lookup a random id into a random id .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a beets query string .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create an image .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  create   a

test:  fetches a private exploration from the specified exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the given permission requirements are implemented by the same name of the current app .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the headers in an header header into an instance .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  build   a

test:  create a list of the specified axis .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get an backward password .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  function for p-value abcissa transformation .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  the entry point for mysql error .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  like   return
truth:  look   in

test:  takes a table of dictionaries and converts a corresponding date into a dictionary .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  create   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  make sure ast unicode strings will make sure that it is greater than compiled strings .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  make   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a helper function for the interactively from a b .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  null   toy
truth:  null   a

test:  convert the given string into a unicode string .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if index exists and has a recent index .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a name that has the attribute with a metrics name .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  convert basestring to utf-8 .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  null   string
truth:  if   null

test:  saves current request header .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  save   null

test:  this function finds the host and setup .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  instantiate an object using the constructor of obj as well as arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   cls
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  callback for resizing .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  returns the cpu used by the current request .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  get   get

test:  a coroutine for the element .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  perform   move
truth:  string   string

test:  attempt to handle and_expression images in the case you want to handle any images .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  files   files

test:  require english language .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  this function is only used to training the state of a given set of variables .
truth: train a model . 
test:  start   a
truth:  train   a

test:  parse the results from "xfs_info" response .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parses   try
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns an svn transaction for an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  to   username
truth:  changes   changes

test:  function that reverse the input and function to convert the function of the sessions to function .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  to   compute
truth:  null   opposite

test:  jarque bera frequencies .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  mean   function
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   identification
truth:  module   identification

test:  drops a user from an address or failure failure .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  converts   windows
truth:  prompts   null

test:  ensure that the nans of the nans system is turned into a template file .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with tags matching tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse lists of pairs of strings .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  return true if the url is a safe redirection .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  debug/test function for the revamped import system .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the configuration value of the current request .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  merge a config into a dictionary .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  merge   versions
truth:  converts   layer

test:  payment handler for external extra data to the context .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  to   context
truth:  null   replacement

test:  helper to average the average of a relaxed relaxed .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  computes   formats
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  for creating a file .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  check whether media permissions are permission for a given media .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  loads app tests from a setup .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  load   x
truth:  provide   a

test:  show lists of lists .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  do   entry
truth:  show   show

test:  prints information about the pagination info .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  compare two snapshots .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   test
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  helper to parse the value of the video window .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  to   method

test:  payment version of parametrized .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  set the given computenode on a computenode and update it .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  start   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  clear the node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  ask   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  get or runs an visible file .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  if   get
truth:  return   return

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  find   find
truth:  setup   setup

test:  gets a list of synonyms from the system .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  name   sys
truth:  grab   a

test:  parses response headers and returns from database headers .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  takes   checks
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send an email .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  email   null
truth:  send   session

test:  returns the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  the registration form page .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  serve   set
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  call the :term:view callable with the given arguments and delete the wxpython .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  to   a
truth:  wrap   table

test:  calls the method is the same value cli example: .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  call   null
truth:  set   set

test:  given a list of os .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  return   return

test:  strips the specified network flag from the given string .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  null   foo

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  run   set
truth:  wait   null

test:  split windows into two parts: tokens that match the last bit of the last bit of match with spaces .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  add a service to a service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  given a list of draft_nodes .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  utility function to get a colormap and a lut exception if it is a dictionary or a lut .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   a

test:  stop a container .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   power
truth:  stop   a

test:  given a dictionary for converting instance to a dict .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  model   model

test:  function to fetch the symbol .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  function   message
truth:  download   download

test:  remove users in conference from conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  enable the given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  enable   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get text from the filename .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  debug   document
truth:  get   get

test:  function to execute the docker container container container container name or failure to be created .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  retrieves   container
truth:  talk   null

test:  return as long as the wrapped python character .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  return   character
truth:  null   case

test:  use the api digest to verify the sha .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  upload   use
truth:  use   use

test:  read the master line from the given source file .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  return the string with the separated separated by words in the given value .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  count   template
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  renders a report as cr .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  lookup the specified cname .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  like   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns website .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call the given value .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   call

test:  ensure that the slicing can be set in parameterless context: .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  assert that the given package contains the expected headers .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  test for bug to more nagios 1000 recursive function .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator to add modifier modifier symbol to a modifier modifier .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  inputhook   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return true if the attribute matches the given attribute .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  match   a

test:  simple simple simple simple operator to test int .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  unicode   export
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  error checking for + routines .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  decode   content
truth:  predefined   return

test:  apply a palette to the given image .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  create   apply
truth:  get   pil

test:  returns a random string/key of provided addresses .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse extra data .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  function   up
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert text with bytes to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a python function for a type of decorators .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  func   parses
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller for the module .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is success .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the f corr for x .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  returns the text to use for tracking purposes .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  load tasks from an installed module .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  read   null
truth:  loading   loading

test:  delete to execute an inventory resource from the provided resource provider .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  to   data
truth:  to   delete

test:  add an bench certificate to site certificate .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  null   build
truth:  add   custom

test:  encodes the given python data as utf-8 bytes .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   datachars
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge the dictionaries into a sequence of dictionaries .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   a

test:  function that checks if the given host is a same policy .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  if   attempts
truth:  null   helper

test:  elide a filename into a elide .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  check that value is a valid requirements .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  given a got trigger and a got trigger .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   a

test:  create a container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  takes a standard set of headers and returns a tuple of tuples that will be returned by the current response .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sort   headers

test:  return a handle to prosite .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run the long and limit if the until the session has changed .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  loop   run
truth:  run   run

test:  this function take the command line from the command line .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  run   line
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the contenttype file filename .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  read   windows
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform any argument value coercion necessary for a given trust .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  perform   send
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieve the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  wait for the specified period of all rate limiting to become new .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  apply   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  run the create_cluster tool .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  print   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  computes the minimum along the given axis of an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  helper method to return a dict with all installed clients .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  run   null
truth:  return   return

test:  shows the database and place it with the given version .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return a safe code for the given object .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  returns list of all languages supported by the given language .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set attribute attribute to an object .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  if   exception
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  parse a template into a dict .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all backups belonging to a group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  makes a new qwebpage group .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return a deployment object .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the template attribute of the given template .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  return   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  returns the url string from the url passed in .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  determines   method
truth:  null   null

test:  takes one of the message and turn it into a single line .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create new line and copy of all paths to the given options .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  create   show
truth:  minify   +

test:  setup the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  return a testcase which will run methods of any traffic calls .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a random bit of "length" .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  write the carving .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  debugging   session
truth:  analyze   a

test:  populate the state and state and state it .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  take   a
truth:  used   null

test:  prints the jupyter version of the current process .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  filter   part
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test uninstalling from a reqs file .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstalling   uninstalling
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  call horizontal on a list of positional .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  arg   long
truth:  stack   stack

test:  get the process for the given pid .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  return   a

test:  test that nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update environ with testing for testing this adds various parameters required for wsgi defaults required for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   environ
truth:  update   environ

test:  create a symmetric matrix from a set of rotations .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  verify that no two tasks are not used .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  make sure the full project is not no arguments .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  provide   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  test to ensure that the nullable type works as expected .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  list the matplotlib backend .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  writeable flask api to help with metadata for testing that 3 support is not found in case of indicate that file is a writeable manually-joined entity .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  file   manager
truth:  open   temporary

test:  load an image from file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  read   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns the name of the file that was called in a given tree .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  if   return
truth:  wrap   a

test:  a helper function that returns a new context value .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator to parse an option .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  parses   options
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print error .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  send a remote branch to remote .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  returns an item from the table table .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  return   database
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  used to mark tests that should be called .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   calls
truth:  function   function

test:  create a project records from image metadata .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  name   a
truth:  read   a

test:  install a site .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  update   create
truth:  help   help

test:  return a condition based on whether or not .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  outline   a

test:  plot the day and the given day .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  validates that the extension given by the private axis need to be a new extension .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  to   helper

test:  merges strings into a given strings .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  string   string

test:  compute sum of the updater likelihood of each feature .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  sum   product
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if the resource is inside the parent process .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  like docfield but try to check that the value of a given object .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves the separable order differential equation with a differential differential differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns the error message bytes .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  error   str
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if filename is a global system .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  deletes an item from the given course usage .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  usage   usage
truth:  deletes   null

test:  extract the title from title .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  return   html
truth:  extract   null

test:  dummy function that displays the cursor to test example .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  expr   a
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  gets the : of a version .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  splits the expression into left and right v .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   properties
truth:  split   operator

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  checks if the first interface are equal .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   return

test:  attempt to determine the default paths for the specified ssl paths .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  return   paths

test:  given a date and a range .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  code   transform
truth:  if   check

test:  assignment_expression : unary_expression .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  constant_expression_opt   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return kernel_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   =
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific multidimensional cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the total shared variable of a set of y_is .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  null   processes
truth:  null   gradient

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  retrieve links to render the current user .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a data for a store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete a table where clause from a given table and main where none are not deleted .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  context manager that captures sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  place a phase by emulating the order of the given value .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  deprecated   place
truth:  place   place

test:  get an abstract abstract 2-tuple of a filehandle external hook for a given list of comparators .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  use the whole column to test column groups .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  test   control
truth:  null   groups

test:  compute the md5 hash for an file from the sample .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   hex
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable/disable email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  the test class that the example installation this function tests the test case to the example time .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  nearest point to the vectors .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  null   character
truth:  null   integer

test:  ensure that absolute attributes are being used by an s3 user .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  download the vehicle from the current mission .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  call fn with functions that behaves keyword arguments and to appropriate for keyword arguments .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  landing page for combined tensor .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  flag   flag

test:  set the root password into the filesystem into the filesystem into the filesystem into which is processed by admin_password admin_password .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  wrangle a ebs objects from a file .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  read   in

test:  loads the given plugin into the given possible plugin kind : kind kind the appropriate plugin kind : kind kind .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   return
truth:  set   set

test:  only load the module if boto is installed .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  run   null
truth:  load   load

test:  copy one or several snapshots of a volume to another volume .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  create   filesystem
truth:  copy   contents

test:  get the total icon of the specified file or list of object .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  postfix_expression of all blocks in row .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  ensure   sparse
truth:  constructs   a

test:  create sailthru list .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   null
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new db .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   method
truth:  create   create

test:  computes the expected discounted mvn .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  log   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  check that the given url exists .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  create a dictionary from a provided dictionary of dicts .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both single and multi episodes .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  get cross-platform name from name .
truth: if present . 
test:  to   find
truth:  present   null

test:  return an *root_dir* domain name .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show bytes of a encoder .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production rows to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   up
truth:  move   up

test:  make sure the replica set and authenticate if the given connection is set .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  compute lc and a lc terms in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  results   results

test:  list all group groups .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  extract data from a model or a dict of categorical -> data .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  extract   data
truth:  express   a

test:  return the subsequence that is the sequences of sequences that match sequences in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  get roles .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   roles

test:  accumulate the appear class from a dictionary .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  traverse   null

test:  returns a document to a document .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   debug
truth:  like   pretty

test:  register a new class .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  raises frappe .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  if   a
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  returns a descriptor .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  null   set
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the user info cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  sets   standard
truth:  creates   a

test:  return true if any of the json index is videos .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  check   time
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  test wale_syslog_facility malformed over handlers .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  complete   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  create a compiler class by making a compiler .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  define a tensorflow expression to one of the labels .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  to   labels
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  mangle the name .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  attributes   append
truth:  mangle   a

test:  create a document in a accessdenied .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   changes
truth:  creates   a

test:  univariate a series expansion of the series expansion of the lambert mean .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  make   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the arrays along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  wrap connections and run everything .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  rebuild   up
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from l .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  yield   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  hook to hook to show idle if the warning at the same location as the idle way .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  provide a value for the named vm .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize helptopic completion model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   variant
truth:  initialize   null

test:  converts the given value to a string value .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  split   a

test:  update the value of the pairs in the background thread .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   state

test:  return the local time or remote host .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   indexdefinitions
truth:  return   a

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compare xml files names .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  sets   sets

test:  start a server and start the modbus factory .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  to   method
truth:  null   method

test:  build a => or sample data from a given language .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  add an element of a polynomial to g .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  create   config
truth:  add   add

test:  this function will puts the multiprocessing data in the process .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  set or add an attribute to a query .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   attempts
truth:  set   state

test:  find the top level of the given node .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  takes   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get the most recently logged-in changes .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  returns   email
truth:  display   display

test:  round a number or a specific precision to a precision .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  round   a

test:  decorator for cli example: .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  project add .
truth: new project form . 
test:  add   workflow
truth:  project   project

test:  compare two arrays and desired arrays .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  null   create
truth:  raise   null

test:  deletes a vhost vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  split pattern in each string in the series/index by the string .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  downloads a response from a url to a file .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   html
truth:  download   a

test:  usually the virtual directory .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  collect   install
truth:  install   install

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  calculate the candidate directory to use for area .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  eventlet   calculate
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   a

test:  calls users on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  return   users
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial release section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  fixture that provides a blob that is used to create a blob of the bucket that can access the test cloud evenly bucket .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  add a queue to a task .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  determine if two in-process distance between a and b .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  null   distance

test:  returns a string that represents a valid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with undefined steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  remove list from the point .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  thread   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a np .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  input   input

test:  construct an endpoint server from a description description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  construct   method
truth:  null   implementation

test:  creates an argument specification for working with specified key .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  providing   parameters
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a tuple in a directory .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  if   find
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check if the provided api is a valid api .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  null   message
truth:  validate   validate

test:  helper for reading to find the relationship type based on the resource type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  instantiate   returns
truth:  return   resolver

test:  test one bundle bundle codes .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  reset   set
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date as the time until that date .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   backup
truth:  test   date

test:  set header from vary header .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  fixture   set
truth:  add   a

test:  given a private key .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  coefficients   a
truth:  sign   sign

test:  the signal should be called when the users date is loaded .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  null   like
truth:  to   null

test:  helper function that converts the xml to a string .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  translate   translate

test:  debugging hook for tests .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  get a unicode string for the given url .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  content   wrapper
truth:  callback   callback

test:  tests the encryption of the method through the base method .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  test   find
truth:  run   run

test:  squared logarithmic error metric since the 1/p of dense pairs .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  squared   crossentropy
truth:  squared   mean

test:  returns true if the given cohort is commentable for the given course .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of elements of unique values .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  fetches   dict
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a list of default handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check whether the given string is a valid socket .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  group : config .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  bench   command
truth:  bench   bench

test:  collects a master to use for master node .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  get   a

test:  respond with the specified registration invoice contains all active registration registration .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  declares a flag and returns the flag .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  like a transformation .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  get   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the version number of openshift in openshift .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  running   training
truth:  get   current

test:  return the identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  called by the bokchoy to show config and will be able to fetch the current page .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  fake   wrapper
truth:  return   info

test:  we can take an int or a string with a random id .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  remove   characters

test:  try to get an item from the queue .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns a hashed .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter tasks based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a non-nan value to a python object .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  convert   a

test:  register user as an oauth list page .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  require   null
truth:  register   register

test:  return the project text .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   function

test:  calculate the pval from a histogram of a histogram .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  to   scale
truth:  get   get

test:  given an object and a class .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  given   null
truth:  map   map

test:  extract the nearest interface from the list of addresses .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   complex
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the bytes of a directory .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  gemm -> gemv .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an existing token from the your recently prefix .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge 2 dicts and data into a single dict .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  combines   null

test:  create an exception class .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  display the necessary dialog .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  return   correct
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write statistics for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   a
truth:  file   file

test:  helper to scale a bem subject to a bem directory .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  solve   time
truth:  scale   a

test:  check to see if a specific pool pool exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   a

test:  verifies whether file matches the given path .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  takes   path
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  returns whether the specified *domains is in *domains .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  checks   checks

test:  reconstruct the object field of an object .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  get   object
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  class decorator that injects the elements of a class .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  assert   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in common strings and b .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  find   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  draw a histogram for sha1 .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json generated generated generated generated counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes and compute node .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  validates   nodes
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  same as a >> b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the page reports to use for the page .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  return   page
truth:  adds   null

test:  save properties from prefix .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   properties
truth:  save   properties

test:  return a function that raises a downloading with a given precision .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  value   name
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize new .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  init   null
truth:  enable   readline

test:  decode a string from a binary string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  s   encode
truth:  null   null

test:  only load the module if the kernel is installed .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  work   work

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  add string to text .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  reverse function for flexible a generator that simply log entries .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  if   null

test:  stops the current application .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  stops   current

test:  with corners at a time .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax checking: syntax with scenarios .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  output   tests
truth:  null   syntax

test:  extracts the value from the given request .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  access   authentication
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the list of supported language names .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  saves the matrix in an array with each row .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  plots histograms of the logged of a lower image .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plots   control
truth:  plot   plot

test:  create a compositelayer that passes the given nested nested inner function which applies the input to the number of different functions .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  test   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  swap helpcommand .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  verify   entry
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   time
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of exception entries to limit .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  format   a

test:  upload files to the proper server .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  testing   check
truth:  upload   upload

test:  this is a mainly .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  to   a
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a class that will create partial functions that will be called when the current init service .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  between pending reboot reboot .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  if   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  immediate structure with the message structure in the given message .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  writes   prints
truth:  null   a

test:  extracts the user attributes from the pants object .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  replace   characters
truth:  function   function

test:  regression test for url .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  validate   use
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning an editable .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  checking   checking

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build a series of the spans from a list of dfs .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  build   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse color/channel format type into an image of nonce .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  parse   time
truth:  given   a

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  accepts pattern pattern pattern and returns a pytree node node node node .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  cleanup after simplified .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  make   delete
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns an expression with the minpoly polynomial of the first kind of the minpoly function parameters ex : array_like the minpoly annotation .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a login profile .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  issues the server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  disallow   up
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read the image of a given image file as a pre-built xml .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   tables
truth:  read   read

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  cancel   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  configure flocker certificates for the given node .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   setup
truth:  configure   configure

test:  measure the parameters to a : array_like .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  =   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  convert a dict of chars to c{bytes} .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return all subnet groups visible in the account .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return path that is spaces out of a path .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  return   null
truth:  prepend   null

test:  update the user metadata .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  query   query

test:  restores a ccx to a ccx .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   references
truth:  restore   references

test:  this function is run in a thread to the backend .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   show

test:  check if a variable is shared to a shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting from table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  returns true if any of the given info should be ignored .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the zero or zero of the data set by the zero and sign the iisparameters .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  return   return

test:  restore the defaults for the console .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  use   use

test:  for the given name .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  return   name
truth:  name   name

test:  return a prompt for the given model .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  converts   no
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  testing   screenshot
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  clean up the operating invoke stub .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  sends   null

test:  look for the ending between *data* and *rmax* .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  if   a
truth:  select   null

test:  performs the access to the users graph on the user .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  makes   updates
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test to ensure that the os calls meta .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  github   github

test:  return the unique processor name .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  main function to run all script in specified file .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  split   file
truth:  null   entry

test:  set the commandsif module of the current axis .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  change   logging
truth:  error   error

test:  gets the directly object that is selected by the api call .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  update   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that an exception not built into the expected error .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  time   test
truth:  test   test

test:  turns an alignment file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  slices slices slices and slices slices from kinds .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure the module is active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  training restful crud controller - used as "member profile" - used for imports .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   crud
truth:  training   events

test:  this function is the same as 16-bit .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a postfix submission of all postfix found in the line .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail if given object does not fail or return none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from c++ file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test text run in a stimclient image .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  make   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   start
truth:  set   set

test:  remove a simserver resource from an connections .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  support   a
truth:  support   rm

test:  extract the containers that will be a list of containers .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  null   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  handle click on the channels .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  validates   text
truth:  select   null

test:  factory that creates a new middleware .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  simple wildcard function that automatically handles nested lists .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  input   helper
truth:  generate   generate

test:  convert datetime to a string .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  string   string

test:  used by removing all files from master cli example: .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   remove
truth:  clear   null

test:  summarize the jobs for the module: .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  move   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  iterate over the elements of iterable .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  func   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return the size of the disk block .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the decorated function .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  return   verifies
truth:  to   attempts

test:  tell whether two generic classes are equivalent .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   numpy

test:  returns a decorator that converts a function to a normal module to a function .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  inserts   decorator
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for filterform .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  returns   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  writes the component .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   component

test:  summarize the mathjax article to the user .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  search   windows
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing and has exclude .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  output   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of events to be true if the provided time sign in the given time .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  updates the existing resource api .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  link   null
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to log datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return the symbol used to generate random seed .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  return the current event .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  function   usage
truth:  print   event

test:  context manager that will set the temporary buffer to io_loop .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  arg   null
truth:  used   null

test:  set the effective dont start on this like group .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  process   set
truth:  process   process

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert string representation of true or false .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  see   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  run all registered routines .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  test   runs
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a list of documents from the provided search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a number into a string .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  decode   a

test:  purge the virtual environment .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  profiling   environment
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get the url for the current course position .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  list all the users .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   timestamp
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  retrieves the role policy from a role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the required version is installed .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the version number depending on the problems tk .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   os
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the ca certificates in the ca certificate file .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to indicate that the wrapped function is valid .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  utf-8   syntax
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  create a new symlink relative to the given absolute path to the given path .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  create   a

test:  returns representative elements of continuous representation of length n .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check the popular popular input and design .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered review fieldset .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  this function returns the full mode value for the given snapshot .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  null   null
truth:  start   node

test:  delete attachment_specs for the specified attachment specs .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  loads all lexers .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  load   a

test:  parse the command line argument .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  given   parse

test:  determines which attributes and sets it to be used by a user .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  translate   images
truth:  translate   rest

test:  find the bucket of the bucket in the bucket .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  create   display
truth:  to   function

test:  ask the user to send to a value .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  question   calculate
truth:  ask   user

test:  parses a string as a floating point number .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   open
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns date/time .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   interface
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set an alert attribute .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   alert

test:  override over motion .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  a utility decorator to register a tuple .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to markdown format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  check if the type of the type *obj* has a location and type .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  expression -> bool get a list of strings from a expression .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 works with gpu cast .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  move   null
truth:  test   test

test:  the python module attributeerror should fail on attributeerror .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifies that the input value is a random element with all combinations of the input combinations .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  list database statements for a given chain .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  object   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the info structure structure for the container .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   info

test:  given a decorator that ensures that a function is called .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the list of latest zones to the distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  trigger the current site events .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   null
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add an account to the document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  dynamically load the given config .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  require   array
truth:  save   state

test:  convert bytes in bytes to a human readable format .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  to   disk
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  this function will run tests with failure .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  register a bunch of messages on a socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  send   null
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for hub .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the latest repository record for the specified repository and changeset .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  get   inspect
truth:  return   return

test:  convert unicode to unicode .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   decodes
truth:  convert   s3

test:  verifies that the command contains the new text .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c options as used by at least two types of instancegroupconfig cert_name .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  read a string from the file and return a string from the object .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  iterate   d
truth:  like   like

test:  test that column names in py3 sense should be converted to a column in [0 .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  existing   replace

test:  return a string which is used to get around start of the given start date .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  get   utility
truth:  returns   dict

test:  get or create a signed response object according to the openid rfc delimiters .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  make   null
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that the groups takes groups takes groups and match the groups .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  null   step
truth:  null   steps

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a representation of expressions .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  make   expr
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  create a new version for the latest version string .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  make   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a decorator that allows for functions with some functions .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  func   func

test:  read the compensation forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  test for disemvowels from synopsis synopsis url .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  check   null
truth:  test   test

test:  search for an ip address to be given an ip address or a string .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the access token for an authentication token .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  add   access
truth:  access   access

test:  write the name for the specified group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  write   prefix
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  relative strength index .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  computes   deviation
truth:  null   exponential

test:  given a list of paths relative to the directory .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  determines if there is an xy other than meijer examples .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  determine   strip
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function takes a command and returns a boolean representing it .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   return
truth:  command   command

test:  create a keystone client .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  build   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  calculates the l2 projection of the projection basis .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  projects   projects

test:  checks if the address is an ip address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  return   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get the absolute area of a loop .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test if the filter contains isoread .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the unittest option of our client names and the unittest method of our / unittest .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  if the function is not enabled .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  is   a

test:  compute the key for a given order .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  makes   handle
truth:  create   a

test:  remove a cut with the children .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  extends   compute
truth:  given   a

test:  class decorator that ensures that the nonzero shape is used in the requesters distribution .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  multiply   multiplication
truth:  give   null

test:  matching the function arguments passed to the function class .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue cli example: .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   one
truth:  pop   one

test:  create an input variable .
truth: input data . 
test:  sets   helper
truth:  input   data

test:  validates the arguments against the given arguments .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  check   shortcut
truth:  if   check

test:  test installing from local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return the exit code of the currently installed .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the object_id value for a given mapreduce .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  create a copy of file .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  generated   a
truth:  format   a

test:  a simple view that returns a get request .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  serialize object object to a bokeh bokeh object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  given   null

test:  private method performs the interface when needed .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   energy

test:  convert the input object to a vector and preserve it .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  copy   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return dictionary with column ids of iban coming from iban .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  return   individual
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  create an xml tree .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays horizontally .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator used to catch profiling exceptions .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  get a named entry from the list of pairs .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve a batch of tensors .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  accepts   x
truth:  get   values

test:  return a pmap class which will return a pmap .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  initialize raises configuration from cidr cidr url .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  inform   configuration
truth:  default   default

test:  same as test_url_req_case_mismatch_file_index .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  migrate   style
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if the vms exists .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  synthesize a realm against an authenticate realm .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  raises   wrapper
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : unary_expression unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  get the list of configuration errors .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create temporary file if it exists on the filesystem .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  determines whether a given kernel module is present in __salt__ .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   null

test:  set the data from the clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  output   location
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  break   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  raises a list if the slug has no n to do not start with the required slug .
truth: check slug . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   slug

test:  return true if the search is a search term .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  header   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a project or a project .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  return   null
truth:  project   project

test:  get compute nodes by name .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  merge a hash into a string .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  given   a

test:  calculate the "version" for a directed image .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  returns the last modified date .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  see   return
truth:  guess   guess

test:  getconn an object .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform any cluster installed on the cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  tear   method
truth:  null   rest

test:  makes increasing candle .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  retrieve full version from the mysql server .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the android module in the media player .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  shows all events and return the list of events .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  to   send
truth:  null   page

test:  variance of the asymmetry of the probability distribution positive skew indicates that the dataset is of the probability distribution .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  raise   object
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the string string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  filter the given data using the given filter .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  mean   mean

test:  show info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of imgadm uuid of show to show uuid cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  to   info
truth:  show   manifest

test:  returns the version string or none if it is unavailable .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parses   try
truth:  parses   parses

test:  checks to see if the entrance exam are the given exam .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  make   session
truth:  grabs   null

test:  test immediately on a sharedmethod on subclasses of subclasses .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to return a dict of setter info for a given set of setter .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  null   message
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the complex path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   get

test:  return the value field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the string is a python string .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  associate   s
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute the harris corner measure of a matrix from a method of consecutive image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   matrix
truth:  compute   harris

test:  get the class of the given object as a named class .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  makes a query response to the response .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  function   null
truth:  make   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  add a medias broadcast .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  look for a module in the given package .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url only here .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  function   -
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return true if the given ip is running under web .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  if   check
truth:  ip   ip

test:  add a host entry .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  it should support relative requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  if   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform an a hinfo lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  view filtered by current user .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   items
truth:  view   view

test:  sending message to a message .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  function   a
truth:  copied   null

test:  make sure the full command passed to the command line .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  test   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  load the file wiggle wiggle wiggle .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  load   content
truth:  read   a

test:  returns ]assert .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  win   null

test:  process all the given directory in the given directory and pass it to the given directory .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder functionality .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   sphere
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  prints commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  a science library that is equal to the given version .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  set   null
truth:  specify   a

test:  transitory the correct savepoint .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   variant

test:  helper function to set the score for the given user .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  train   a
truth:  set   set

test:  fixture which ensures a forum will run in the test with a single post .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  return a list of all available site-packages directories .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  defines a document and return the document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate specific volume specs from qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  returns a function that picks a given function .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine whether a file is a python package for a given filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  returns   normalize
truth:  given   null

test:  remove redundant /s from url .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  return   strip
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: builder this plugin allows you to define "weight" on each build .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   expand
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  null   url
truth:  modified   version

test:  restores an existing configuration from the defined datasets .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restores   config
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  expression that the expression attribute is a particular expression .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an s3 string to an hexadecimal representation .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  null   string
truth:  null   conversion

test:  test that create text from polar wedge was created .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  test our screen .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  add   add

test:  returns true if *obj* is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  statement_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   trigger
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students to s3 .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  compute   student

test:  try to guess the first arc yields zfs .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  activate   wrapper
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 3-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if the given signature is invalid .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  create   push
truth:  function   function

test:  cloud function to boxcox the projection function .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  encodes   waits
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  bytestrings the numa fit .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  gather   function
truth:  fit   fit

test:  tests that the 256 compatibility function works as expected .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  verifies that only view of type modules should only contain new modules when i .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  passing   null

test:  return a datetime object with the given number of items of four values .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  return   function
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  validates and validation validation .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   a

test:  get the entry from the headers which should be looked up the users node .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two values of common elements in a .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compare   elements

test:  returns the url string creates an absolute url => trailing prefix .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check that all the information in an arbitrary tree is dynamic .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   try

test:  factory to create a signal that validates the object from the tree .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  update   a
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify function x by each class weights .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  returns the energy of the first kind of order n .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a list of long tables from the database .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  restores   null
truth:  modifies   null

test:  return list of files for a given file or directory .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new collection .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper to create a variable stored in a easy .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  attach   a

test:  converts a set of datasets into a trivial object .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  decorator for the decorated extension .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  signals httpd to new .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   density
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  download the specified total range and stores it into the list of oc .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  null   commands
truth:  command   command

test:  returns true if the list looks like a match or of strings .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  make sure the text is cleared properly .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  ensure   cuda
truth:  make   null

test:  return configuration options for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  update   content
truth:  default   default

test:  same as register_admin_extension but also include a dictionary of str .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  see   returns
truth:  choose   null

test:  markdown test of issue fixed .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  null   build
truth:  files   files

test:  format request .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  found   a
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the revision revision of the given git logger .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : command .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  shortcut for eliminating replaced by *prefix* .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return block information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  return   return

test:  marks a function as wanting used on a specific argument .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a function that takes in sample state of sample state defined in the those state of the function offer .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  construct   null

test:  compute horner of f and a horner polynomial over the denominator .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  get the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the specified output contains n columns .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for the job requires the jenkins <findbugs+plugin> plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   findbugs
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  check that only filtering based on a list of trainable dependencies and the list of trainable importer arguments: decrement the list of trainable .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  returns the index of the maximum pairs in the word order .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  publish   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   sequences
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   compute
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the app version for the given app .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default plot matches the input props[u'lineoffset'] .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  helper for django .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  format   -
truth:  to   hook

test:  split the expression into coordinates .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  splits   utility
truth:  split   expression

test:  change password of an existing user .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  to   null
truth:  password   password

test:  override this block to the timeout of the given action .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  return   null
truth:  override   override

test:  bump cache for shop not given package dict .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  cache the values of an symptom backend .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  null   arp_cache
truth:  is   null

test:  this function returns the value of the decorated function .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return value based on json flag .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  value   value
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the bytes required to serialize a tag with the given layers .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  construct   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to find the package from either an absolute path or none if there is a python package .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  files   a
truth:  given   a

test:  removes all root jobs .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert an identityinterface list of acl tuples to an actual string .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of resources owned by the source .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass sample support .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   test
truth:  fit   fit

test:  returns list of lines that indicate that have a given result of lines .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  function to convert the value from the scale to the corresponding one of the function given by 1000 files: point .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  step   multiply
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: ci-skip allows you to define rvm .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the constraint from the surface .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  null   surface

test:  makes a set-like app .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  return   application
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  run the applicable tests .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  train   runner
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  subscribe a list of model instances to the mailchimp list .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  make   virtual
truth:  given   null

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  check if the specified image is a valid image .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  group items by backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  backend   pants
truth:  null   items

test:  create an userlocale form for a user .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  watching   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to get the list of i3 extensions .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the instructor of given instructor for given fqdn .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  configured   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the invoice time for the given course .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  returns   parameters
truth:  gets   null

test:  save configuration .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  save   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  convenience function for creating a row element-wise every row .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  rotates   null
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  the pprint for classes and types .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  uses   pprint
truth:  base   pprint

test:  converts a scalar to a timedelta object .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  string   string

test:  test with string values .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  does the periodical check on the given configuration .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  if   null

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  return a list of files matching the specified files .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  files   files

test:  get the skeinforge plugins directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run a lazy test .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  make   doctest
truth:  test   test

test:  return the uri reference from a uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a list of subgraph of the connected component .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  connected   generate

test:  recursively traverse all templates and returns the list of templates .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  sample from top_k probabilities .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  mean   sample
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all quotas associated with a given quota .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  look   list
truth:  function   function

test:  function that measures the loss function as a function .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  function   folder
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  called   null

test:  find the value of the migration 1 .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  calculate   get
truth:  null   migration

test:  borrowed from the specific /usbkey/config .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  return   up
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add apf to email queue .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  go   email
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the current interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a list of handlers from the internal cleanup list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  exponential linear unit function .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   x

test:  decorator to acquire a function by marking a class that maps their tlist .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   decorator

test:  returns the alternating graph of a simple turan graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read file and encoding from filename and return as list .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  file   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  migrate location where the input credentials are properly handled .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   null
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning beginning .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  surrounding   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  add a pool to a specific member cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check all workers in the given worker .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   check

test:  check if a marketing link is in the marketing marketing .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to tokenize a description of the current list of strings .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  returns   +
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  the pprint for classes and dont try to be sent to the output .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  return   script
truth:  null   pprint

test:  get the total thing of a specific class with the same name2: .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with a major labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  provide the data strategy for portfolio .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  null   flag
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure the named cpu is running in the name of the cpu .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  clone a vdi reference from the vdi reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  null   pool
truth:  clones   a

test:  format an error message in error to the user objects .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  string   build
truth:  to   method

test:  find the data in text using the supplied filedef .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a / b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test disarmed slugify with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   test
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  reads the specified note from the system .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  header   behavior
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an optiongroup object for the given schema group group group .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  this is the cci .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  run   gunicorn_django
truth:  null   null

test:  set up local config .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   check
truth:  set   gl

test:  clears the students rating into the database .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  to   null

test:  buildinfo factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  watch   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  regression test for #1181 .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  check   check

test:  test that the cookiecutter list works even if the cookiecutter has not been added .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  call   call

test:  guess the absolute path for pth .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function that tests that will be called from the returned view .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  func   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string with the words of @rtype: separated by a single space separated by a string .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  handles a message topic .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  if condition is true .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns list of detailed info dictionaries with given template .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a numpy ndarray to lux .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the line-search type for the given specifier .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  get   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that a directory with this directory is not provided .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the named service is available .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a evaluated value .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return an understandable error from jinja error line .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  redirects to the rabbitmq database via ci .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  set   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a concise by colour-coding a datacenter or a forward matrix .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  copy   pool
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split the list of hosts into a single host .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  split   split
truth:  takes   a

test:  save a child process to a child process .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   use
truth:  save   a

test:  calculates the uptime of the proxied uptime that represents seconds for seconds .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  returns   fasta
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none if system is not installed .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  link link to text .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  clean   link
truth:  leading   remove

test:  takes an image in the listed image .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   return
truth:  save   a

test:  test that an existing user is not created with a given user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  purging   test
truth:  purging   test

test:  return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  generate a random asset key for the given user .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  if   method
truth:  generates   a

test:  read ranges for the given workbook .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   column
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  extract the latest release tags from a list of dicts .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the logrotate script that the given logrotate .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  run a shell command .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  server   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefixes .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  find a sequence of fuzzy -> representation of the first element in the given sequence .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  search   encode
truth:  search   search

test:  pad list with default elements to the default container size .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  helper for flattening of functions that supports the class .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  replace   add
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  require   null

test:  convert fontsize .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   font

test:  run breakpoint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  find   find

test:  if value is not provided .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  set   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of groups the named user .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with guestbook_name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  inspects   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run tests from a module .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  null   runner
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns an image with the three three letter type and three letter .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the value from the left string .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   converts
truth:  read   a

test:  does the node have a scope of the current nodewhile node .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  search   search

test:  mark a task as being automatically after a datastore .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  flag   null
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  use the api digest to verify the sha .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator that adds a single property to a class .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a deduplicated deduplicated from the de-allocate ports .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  return   occurrences
truth:  finds   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   crud

test:  add plugins and the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns a resourcereference x .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  link   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a iterator of equal tokens .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  count   number
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the value of the oauth_consumer_key .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  make a new matlab from two loaded channels .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  generate   compute
truth:  create   create

test:  rotate polygon by degrees of polygon .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  rotate   changes
truth:  given   a

test:  an search function which checks the given host and return the value .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  determine   no
truth:  determine   null

test:  look for a report .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  find   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set prefixed prefixed by comparing them from state at given state in the given state .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  given   a

test:  unserialize data in entity processor .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  formats   example
truth:  accept   accept

test:  gets the query value for the given service .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of payment account for the given addon provider .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  get   url
truth:  get   a

test:  return a transform from a acls array args: array : list of acls : list of acls that can be converted to be converted to a list of different numpy
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  return   list
truth:  transform   a

test:  generator function that yields stats stats with stats and return .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns entries .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   group
truth:  delete   delete

test:  enable the entity cache to be used as the named callback .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  infer the appropriate layout for use with the given argument .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  if   null
truth:  layout   layout

test:  set the value of a cluster property extra_args name of the property extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib extra_args extra_args
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  creates the user for the email address .
truth: keep user . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a new attribute method .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   method
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the current date .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  file   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get aws account policy .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   get
truth:  account   account

test:  return a host for a specific network device .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct options for a specific value .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a helper function that pads segments .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  to   factory
truth:  given   null

test:  find the python library to find a new library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  find   find
truth:  to   null

test:  it should upgrade a dependency if it already installed .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  does   null

test:  folder -> absolute path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  create   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate and save the number of support support .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the english code content from the language code .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  returns   network
truth:  return   language

test:  setup the closest sensor .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  given a specific status code .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  do   prints
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if text is a boolean .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  check   text
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to use automatic menu method with the given arguments .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  null   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  convert the given files to the specified options file .
truth: using os . 
test:  takes   converts
truth:  using   os

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  support   set
truth:  support   support

test:  ensures that the given is valid .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  retrieve a class from an asides .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the request to the keyboard cookie cookie .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  view   add
truth:  sets   a

test:  gets the maximum value of the data .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  parses   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter grafts from the list of sequences and end of sequences .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  filters   filters

test:  converts db channel name into json channel .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  function   data
truth:  null   method

test:  show keyword arguments .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  log   close
truth:  null   keyword

test:  given a list of modules .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  list   call
truth:  list   list

test:  destroy the floating ips by floating ip .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  given a list of il and il values .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  selects   items
truth:  array   array

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct reverse .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  djangos   djangos
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  return node info .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  merge   get
truth:  find   find

test:  sets the target attribute to a list of strings .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  build   build

test:  build list of files to create the same list of tuples .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  build   build

test:  returns true if the given course has an unfulfilled wiki documents for the given course .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a file: .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel devices .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the latest downloadable repository repository for the received repository defined by the received repository and changeset .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an element with a normal content or a type .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  open   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  rest controller to retrieve budget_bundle_kit field options .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  control   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get all migration for instance with specified instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  get   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  does the number of primes have prime a*b*a .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  takes   number

test:  xml_attributes take elements of sequence in iterable if true .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a decorator that makes sure that the test warning from the test database .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the data xml from a string .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  splits given variables along an array of blocks along each along the given axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a rrq packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  fit dask using dask .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   sensitivity
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  compute the multivariate statistic for an zdt3 .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  float   a
truth:  quantize   a

test:  uses mongoreplicasetclient to display a list of functions .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  null   power
truth:  uses   a

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   concatenation
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of objects .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  compare two lists of common open in a order .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  function   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the mapi status of a given cluster .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  extract the total number of seconds from a timedelta object in a way that is compatible with python <= 2 .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  the handler for requests .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  handles   function
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  checks if the given function is a valid python function .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new api api service .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  list console entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   entry
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   logs
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  against against the extra model .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  null   a
truth:  handles   handles

test:  return message .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  checks to see if the specific apache module is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   checks

test:  convert columns back to the larger string .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  string   allocated_id
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds elements in seq from seq .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if and only if given host is installed .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to work out the full .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  default   implementation
truth:  combines   null

test:  parse out the arguments for a payload and instructortask corresponding to the url encoded .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  parses   wrapper
truth:  convert   course

test:  subtract polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  solve   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  work   works
truth:  confine   null

test:  install this package as tornado .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  clears   call
truth:  set   set

test:  a decorator that makes a function to be used in a transaction .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  adds   a

test:  open or create database .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   close
truth:  open   open

test:  return the container info for a container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  returns   information

test:  creates a user-input for the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   resource
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  execute a pem command with the given name and return the data in a pem file .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  manage   null

test:  returns true if and only if regular regular node is strongly .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  return   nodes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decode values from nt corrected file .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install one or several packages .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   copies
truth:  install   python

test:  return a dict describing specific flavor_id .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  convert   new
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a list of model names according to the given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  initiate a problem and return the task .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  encode   optional

test:  return the authorized dashboard dashboard of the provided stream .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  tests that we can gpu only abstractconv this image if the local shape will gpu the local tensor to the right abstractconv .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  actually numa topology .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  object   attempt
truth:  extract   null

test:  validates the id of the given client .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  if   return
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return the first and last line number of data .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to apply a rule to a rule .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the named host is absent name the host to remove .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  wraps the given draft to the specified location .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  prepares   a
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  returns timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  check that the value of the key is available .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   processes
truth:  to   check

test:  get and return the gpg if it is installed .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  install   a
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate the internet internet configuration from the given term and populates the given term .
truth: return query string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  query   query

test:  parse lists of key .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parses   decode
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse an mulled and return a list of dictionaries .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   argv

test:  wait until a local operation is running .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  fires   a

test:  given a course_key .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  display   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  converts the specified output to output into a file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initializes os tk variant list of isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  estimate   os
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table of some of the steps is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  k[x] a c*x**i by a term function in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   return
truth:  subtract   null

test:  show off off cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   null

test:  performs binary representation of the input data .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  string   google
truth:  maps   maps

test:  add a property or multiindex .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  context   null
truth:  clear   a

test:  get the channel with half of the points inside the points removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the profile .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  read   get
truth:  null   case

test:  sets the target attribute to a list of strings .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  go   example
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  take an affine transformation and pw in the image .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  put   number
truth:  null   null

test:  return the line number of the current line .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   shorthand
truth:  return   a

test:  internal workflow operation to create an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve a zip zip zip file to a temporary zip file .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  context   wrapper
truth:  null   a

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute dipole connectivity for a file .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  download   regression
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  find all tests for a specific python module .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  find if a value exists and can be refreshed by a given value .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  function   exceptions
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  denied   requests
truth:  default   default

test:  computes the euclidean distance between points and u and u .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a list of attributes into a string .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  return a list from texture that dont be a scalars or nested string .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  list   items
truth:  list   list

test:  return the carving of a gcode file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  extract the from the possible password file .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   consul

test:  sets the provided oauth user .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  destroys   null

test:  populates a translation matrix by setting a translation .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   matrix
truth:  return   matrix

test:  reads the photo from the flickr url .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate and return the form class for the given course .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  create   type
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  queues the hash function that tells the hash of the messages .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   queues
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank using random sampling .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute similarity similarity of two upper annotations .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   register
truth:  null   similarity

test:  given a url with authentication components .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  url   function
truth:  given   a

test:  validate that value is a ratios level comment .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  pull to the email account .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  replaces   emails
truth:  runs   runs

test:  function to check if the current predicate is a local instance .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  format   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  train the network using numeric units .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  train   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a code set into a string of patterns .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  return an instance of a response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  create   response
truth:  return   return

test:  generates standard normal variates with serial correlation .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an proto if type is not a valid type .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  raises   os
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  function   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  check if the object instance is a device .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   cuda

test:  plots the plot with the given elements .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  compares   date
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   null

test:  return a list of all the vms that are managed by the provider .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  is user allowed to change group of article to change .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   value
truth:  is   user

test:  get pci device allocated by addr .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  modify the agent by creating or the agent .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  existing   null

test:  returns the uninitialized uninitialized object .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is missing and some of the objects .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the global qwebsettings .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  load   update
truth:  parses   parses

test:  merge the packages into the oauth2 api .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  delete   endpoint
truth:  attempt   a

test:  return an object indicated by the given id .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all workflow keys .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  null   request
truth:  find   find

test:  return the test of an instance .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  if   set
truth:  check   check

test:  return the replacement for the owner .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  return   param
truth:  return   a

test:  match a specific host .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  gives   append
truth:  host   host

test:  sets up a test .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  create   create

test:  notify to notify to test notification from recipients .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  email   lists
truth:  calls   a

test:  using all the iterable[function] action .
truth: version of node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   version

test:  make a wrapper around an iis attribute in the interpreter of the patches .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  patch   replace
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a randomly sampled problem with randomly features .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  generate   compute
truth:  index   index

test:  wrap statement_list certificate to an metadata certificate .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  execute   shortcut
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  return the celery settings .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  render   html
truth:  view   view

test:  rescale image by "padding[0]" .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  calculate   attempt
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  get the disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  save   list
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the calendar info of a calendar .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  converts a :class:qgraphicsscene .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  build   build

test:  pads the elements of a sequence .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  package   percent
truth:  null   sequence

test:  merge the values and sort errors in error .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  errors   errors

test:  find all eigenvalues of a matrix this is a once function that has a single klintegrator where points need to be a single axis .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   model
truth:  find   find

test:  wrap the result of a table in the table .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  bind   field
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find the expression in expr .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  find   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the first rms of data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  return   get
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check that score can be the minimum score to a number of git exponent-like .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  recursively convert the two dictionaries to a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  if   a
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the softmax of cross crossentropy between the target and input .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  null   crossentropy
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generic t-confint to save typing .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  null   bayesian
truth:  null   generic

test:  start a wsgi application .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  starts   start
truth:  error   error

test:  elementwise sigmoid function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  retrieve more info from log .
truth: adds site . 
test:  return   user
truth:  adds   site

test:  helper function for _fixup_ins_del_tags; removed .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   product

test:  converts an image into a base class .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  utility function to go through the torrent file .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  compute   map
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of information for the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts an iterable of pages to a list of pages .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  install the package with *name* .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  install   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return information on netstat cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   netstat

test:  returns a string of the page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   up
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  context manager that ignores all of the tests that an album .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  copies the object to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  index   index

test:  perform a *pointer* *pointer* on the front .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  factory function that creates a new rope device for thread/comment .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the http auth for the given auth .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  function   port
truth:  set   set

test:  merge list into cli example: .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  expected   merge
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   a

test:  check a release to see if the module-level release is deprecated .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  function   user
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  finds and returns a unittest modules in the given package or none if it should be exported .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  return   test
truth:  discover   discover

test:  skip tests that skips a test if algorithm doesnt exist .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  if   null
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return the value of the comment header .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  change   get
truth:  string   string

test:  test updating a process with the quitting .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  retrieve   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  input a signal with a signal that has not been added to the given signal .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return true if a is a .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  does   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the command line .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  command   command

test:  add the ssh public public public key to an ssh list of ssh available .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  create a vlm_media file from relative to dst .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  set   null
truth:  create   a

test:  checkout/payment cancellation view shows the page related to the given course .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  display   get
truth:  show   show

test:  decode unicode from file path .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  reads   decode
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  return optimal or drange function of days .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  step   calls
truth:  return   a

test:  ensures that a file exists and is not used .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve a base base path for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes a string to bytes .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test max and relative values in relative to relative values .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a format # defined in the format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  check if the port returns a number of space returns a number when the port returns a number of 65535 is added .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  prevent   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the string representation of the given value .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  format   decimal

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user the user to hold .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  check that named sparse means of dictionary components .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  validate   checker
truth:  validate   validate

test:  retrieve the first file from the given file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  provides   method
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  redirects the user to classes out .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  view   null
truth:  view   view

test:  marks a function as internally .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  marks   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  return true if file is a file name .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  like   find
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  return the certificate in the certificate in the expiry certificate to expiry .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  ensure   add
truth:  return   return

test:  dump message .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  msg   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  compute the freedman bins of the regression .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   number

test:  given a rdbms type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extract a value from a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  navigate   data

test:  return a dictionary of data names of user ids .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the area of the first area of the given area .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   a

test:  delete keyword argument .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks a version string for use with the different version .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  returns   versions
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  if the supplied test .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  install   build
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  check the version of the version .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  convert the registry keys in the registry to the registry .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the base64 encoded data .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  function   print
truth:  modified   display

test:  asserts that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return return time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compute polynomial composition f(g) in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   return
truth:  return   return

test:  exclude absolute path to list .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  requeues   exclude
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a vpc name and vpc id returns true if vpc exists .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   check
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all open threads for the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  verify replacing methods also added to metaclass .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  tests   results
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator for cli args .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  find a new package in the astropyloader table .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  null   code
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a catalog by name .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  a decorator to ensure that the back-end is available .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  make   call
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  helper function for transforming xy-coordinates .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  null   spatial
truth:  null   cluster

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   up
truth:  return   return

test:  searches the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  search   compile
truth:  matches   matches

test:  check for ajax or efficiency of an ajax requests .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  query   query

test:  restful crud controller - needed to work for people by skill - used as filtered by skill .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  warn the message output .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  print   a
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return a list of the users current user .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  spartist for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  look the sr and scans the parent .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  ping   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  create a tracked bound to the tracked files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the result of the given property .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  make   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  reindex all instances of the push to the specified course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  send   function
truth:  sends   a

test:  build an archive into a dict .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  build   null
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  returns the group id for the given group .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  get   request
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the ip address value value of a given hostname .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  get   get

test:  copies a document to a topic .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  to   null
truth:  document   document

test:  return a list of available users cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check whether a file matches the given name .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  solc on accounts .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  build   build

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of the start of the start of the start of the start of
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  returns true if a is a older family b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  return a matrix if return_matrix is true .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  null   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  finder can accept the most recently index for courses .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of roles of a group .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the given like name .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  process   a
truth:  convert   one

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% blocktrans user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  to   example
truth:  null   example

test:  separate out starting from the interface when parsing a list of arrays .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  function   data
truth:  show   show

test:  enable concurrency checks .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   mark
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get a list of signature signature to be published .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  function   format
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the path to the current script for a script script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the markdown notebook .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  normalize the css statistics to a file .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  normalize   plots
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  this is a small function that checks the correct value of the function .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  return   checking
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tag for a release to the release group .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  simulate   up
truth:  specified   tag

test:  encode path as unicode and relative to path .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates and returns the datastore views of the provided package .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor polynomials in k[x] using repeated squaring .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   polynomials
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  retrieve a schema indexes for the given schema .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  are   show
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the current request is currently associated with the given site .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a list of dictionaries into a numpy array .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   python

test:  test that table leaves table columns in table .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  add   test
truth:  test   test

test:  error if value is a string .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a decorator that maps recorded -> record to a normal record .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a riak returns none .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  an equivalent version of subs .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  dictionary   keys
truth:  substitute   values

test:  this view is blank .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  null   view
truth:  noop   noop

test:  compile the given args and kwargs into a list of positional names .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  transform   command
truth:  takes   args

test:  remove all memory references from the buffer .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  analyze   skeinforge
truth:  get   meta

test:  same as grading_context .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_orientation works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get shaft mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  apply the vagrant .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  unpause and unpause an quit .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  resume   reduction
truth:  resume   resume

test:  parse the given text string into a space-separated list of text values .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parses   split
truth:  string   string

test:  returns the list of the data matrix for each value in the fitting .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  return   connection
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  helper for scrolled methods that automatically call f on account .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  to   null
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   linodes

test:  a generator that yields the decorated function for each segments .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if the given html is the html .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  convert a column name to an value .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a paragraph to a maximum of characters and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   text
truth:  normalize   a

test:  skip matplotlib test if the command fails if the passed in is not available .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  run   run
truth:  skips   a

test:  flip points and convert them to points .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  null   approximation
truth:  order   order

test:  list all libraries with the given location .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   up
truth:  list   list

test:  run a trace state .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  select   set
truth:  return   return

test:  return lvm version from hadoop cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   working
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  sets a transaction for the current thread .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group access for a group .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  equalize an image into a binary hist .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  raises   image
truth:  return   image

test:  set a value on a server .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  helper function to base64 encodes a string using double quotes .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  converts   filter
truth:  compresses   a

test:  this function returns a fresh instance of the given key .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  to   build
truth:  extract   null

test:  create the pid of the given pid file by pid .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  creates   pid

test:  get a list of vagrant extensions .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  return   get
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check if a volume is available .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  grab   check
truth:  check   check

test:  initialize the issue counts for the misc/acks .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  submit   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  activate the result of n bits .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the top of a 2-d aggregate for a given aggregate .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  get   up
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   load
truth:  works   works

test:  returns a nested tuple that is a nested tree of node with the given labels .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  project   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   formats
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  print and return the url to the tool shed .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  create   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  compare two dict and desired arrays .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  verify   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  local watcher or runs an watcher .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check if a link is a symlink this is a link to the container .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  remove a file or a directory .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  block with statement that do not cause the block .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  changes   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all defined migration .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  loop   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  return the colorized preview object .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  returns   utility
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup for all flow .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct the url to the login view .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  url   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  get all instance requests for a given instance .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return a filter that checks if a cgsnapshot has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write the modules to xml .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   script
truth:  write   null

test:  parses one and return tuple .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes the specified network network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional basic train and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   back
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url this one uses wcs .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns all of the instructor tasks for given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a generator of things .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  calls s3 .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   find
truth:  patch   patch

test:  computes rich measures for coefficient .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  return   norm
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  configure the config to be a thread .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  if   a
truth:  configure   a

test:  executes a simple task on the given time .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  consume   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create an existing profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  create   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get one of the objects number of objects .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new file descriptor for a given filename .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure we can compare versioned errors .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  make   null
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  return a tree with the specified topic names .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  given   string
truth:  returns   a

test:  pickle object into a dict .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   in

test:  run an image from a file .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  save   mocks
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return all euler dictionaries .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  wait until the given driver is loaded and to mach-o them .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate by weeks .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   fixture
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get a polygon with a maximum of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  this will return an instance of a given course_id .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  adds   get
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats the given mapdict to pass it to the properly xxxxxxxxxx .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  dont catch strings removing recurring library .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  parses   logs
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers and interpolate it for each signal or list of signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  function   send_catch_log
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  send an email to the recovery form .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  sends   email
truth:  send   a

test:  test that capa works even on null platforms .
truth: if a . 
test:  tries   test
truth:  if   a

test:  validates that value is a positive float or zero .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  replaces the missing header with the header header .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  null   document
truth:  log   a

test:  saves cohort to the users model .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  emits   a

test:  given a intersection of lines .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  tests   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  value   value

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   read
truth:  get   get

test:  tests gl representation of max max in representation of data .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   helper
truth:  test   test

test:  this will factory function to reverse the handler for classifier auth tests .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  create the performance of the given app .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  find if the provided table is unique .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  find   find

test:  parse the input given a literal literal string into a dict of entity bytes .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  try   parse
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test end of wrap=false .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  end   end
truth:  end   end

test:  fixture that provides a blob that will run a blob as a blob .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  retrieve a tunneled from a tunnel tunnel tunnel .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  create   up
truth:  function   function

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns true if the given path exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  upload a list of tuples to disk .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  encrypts an encrypted varblock file using the given digit key .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  prints the code for additional information .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   a

test:  convert a time string to a time .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the number of cpu cpus in the system (same as possible .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   number
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if if the given function is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts yaml statement list into a string .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  list   yaml
truth:  list   list

test:  add the x intersections from the loop into the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  calculates the likelihood likelihood of the mean of convolution layer from a given array .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  slices   slices

test:  wraps a param in a python object and applies to a python function .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  use this decorator to set the property of a property .
truth: create a property . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  redirect to the client with the given a_2 .
truth: takes request . 
test:  redirects   value
truth:  request   request

test:  a simple custom 404 error page .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   custom

test:  renders the provided replacement for the specified replacement .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  load a session file from the given filename and return it .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  given a paginator .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  copy a file or directory to another location .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  strips information from all platforms .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  evaluate   keys
truth:  to   try

test:  returns true if path has proper permissions .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  return   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the list of libcloud records for the specified profile .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  return   function
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - phasor components .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses the timestamp by rfc 2822 api .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  reverse cloud inspecton .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   method

test:  create a short object .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  compute the linear value of the appropriate non-interactive density function takes an appropriate or q array of bins in precision .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  append   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test with a custom modification .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the best match between -1 .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  is   null

test:  exact quotient by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  null   quotient
truth:  null   quotient

test:  test if a string represents an int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  converts a window to the nearest background matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  computes   relu
truth:  null   null

test:  oauth2 oauth2 dance .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  command   build
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns a utc date based on the given field .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve information on a particular user .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  add   wrapper
truth:  add   a

test:  import the most recent instance .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  return   a
truth:  move   move

test:  replaces a corpus of protos use as a string .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  center   colors
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  adds an absolute url to the context for use in a given file .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  parse   matching
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list the installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  compiles   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return the configuration directory path .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an existing repository or send a repository to its associated tag .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  release   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  class decorator for a class that has a specific clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  create   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the directory of a directory .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   os
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert characters in a text to a single space .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  null   chunks
truth:  null   null

test:  decode a pcap .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  null   in

test:  retrieve a runner object from the given timeout .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  make   a

test:  get a updater by name .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  returns   package
truth:  return   a

test:  create a specific binding in running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  return false if path has no file or symlink .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  plot the sensor and axes computed with the threaded trace .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   traces

test:  look at the error editor and prevent error if the current error was found .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  open   open

test:  function that converts a scheme to a origin url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return the data for a particular certificates .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  output   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get the type of the original keys .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a queryset to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  attach   a

test:  create a menu class for the given instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  is a node a type score; a condition .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the binary file from the ifname file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  convert   average
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  an attribute that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   a

test:  you might want to leave this concatenation .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  serializing   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   python

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 [id|name] .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  warnings   ascii
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe month : ppiip : money : qm: rmi: pi: cg: food: clothing: roeu: dcg: .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create a new stonith stonith command stonith the live stonith options stonith the live options for the pcs property command stonith name of the live stonith cib .
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the files stored on the master .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform basic auth .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   cherrypy
truth:  is   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  plot the given results of a figure and show as a list of results .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  show   images

test:  extract the first path from the path .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  look   method
truth:  get   get

test:  create a task .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  train and train a dataset .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  tests   return
truth:  executes   null

test:  make sure we can read trailing spaces in the row header .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  input   test
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all installed services cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  shut an event on the local node .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  to   event
truth:  null   null

test:  get current timezone cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  runs the application from a wsgi application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  runs   application
truth:  like   like

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  returns a boolean indicating if the current request is a debug .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  if   return
truth:  get   get

test:  check if user can access any beta for this descriptor .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  helper function to check the exceptions .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  this function takes a list of the data passed into a string for diffs .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  execute   type
truth:  print   print

test:  simple utility to check if the required preload is installed .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  make   file
truth:  if   check

test:  retrieve all the roles classes associated with a given class .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  get   a
truth:  modify   methods

test:  filter otu table to the given otu table .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filter   otu
truth:  filter   otu

test:  gprs section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  request   pdp
truth:  null   null

test:  load data from file .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   helper
truth:  load   a

test:  validate a project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  ensure   null

test:  takes a list of api version and returns a list of api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print installed packages .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  execute   return
truth:  get   get

test:  url only raising an exception if given a module cant be raised .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  importing   test
truth:  using   null

test:  creates a new google cloud provider .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  create   a
truth:  post   post

test:  hyperbolic cosine inversion the series inversion of the series inversion .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  find   helper
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  load value from an executable .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   return
truth:  define   a

test:  same as _find_sr except raises a notfound exception if uuid cannot be determined .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  power the specified container .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   null
truth:  request   power

test:  a damped helper function that returns the vbd specific to a single iteration of the input array .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  detect   relu
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the name of the next representation of the tag .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  text   text
truth:  return   return

test:  patch to linodes .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  call   call

test:  get the application id for this ec2 app .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  obtain a token that may be included in a multiprocess token .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  return   a
truth:  token   token

test:  context manager to delete a temporary value which will delete one or a temporary object as a temporary value .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  make   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check for the required logging module .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  set   check
truth:  check   check

test:  show the list of responses .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  see   null

test:  tests that hugs inline validator correctly handles a dictionary .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  raise   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  checks for rel is a list of cancer .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  or time if the current date could have been updated .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  null   number
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the value of the given flags .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all instrument devices with a given track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  unsigned byte .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   string
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  verifies that the mailchimp list in the mailchimp list and whether it is valid and can be invalid or not .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return the version of the specified network cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   version
truth:  get   get

test:  given a list of module flags .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  determines   return
truth:  import   import

test:  records a user with given user_id .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  update   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the viewpoint from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  returns list of localizer pattern .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  returns   root
truth:  null   factory

test:  create a new uninitialized tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cached value and merge it into the given destination setting .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   multiple
truth:  take   null

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console originally retrieved from: url .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  convert a value in a decimal value to a given decimal value .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  walks   a

test:  check to see if we can import this module .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  run a command with a given arguments .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  takes   run
truth:  call   a

test:  helper function to generate the various manual .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  server   function
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  validates whether this function is a clip or not this should be called via the rest .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  if   null

test:  delete instance_type information from the flavor metadata for a given prefix .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   instance_type
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  initializes the current process to this process .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  function   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  expands strings and continuous prefix to given output .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  table designed for humans line position before docblock .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  text   one
truth:  read   read

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  load the source code from a template .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks the name of a datastore range .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a gaussian mean to the gaussian mean of the gaussian module .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  synchronize   mean
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  given a course and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  location updating reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  null   reject
truth:  updating   location

test:  collect all attributes and objects from a list of containers .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   enrollment
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the sign mac address and use for a data structure .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  function   data
truth:  null   mac

test:  ll a class to the list of mpttmodel modules .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  return   add
truth:  execute   null

test:  register the function .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  register   target
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  returns the logged user .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  to   new
truth:  creates   a

test:  shut down the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  convert the characters in a string to an unquoted string .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  text   text

test:  set a tenant_id function that produces the format for a case of the format .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a copy of source strings that work on the given channel type .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  null   whitespace
truth:  do   null

test:  a context manager to mock systemctl systemctl .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  create   mocks
truth:  context   manager

test:  check if the notification on a node is responding .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  if   permissions
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns the notification type for a user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  create a temporary directory .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format a block into a list of four lines .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  remove   format
truth:  format   format

test:  return the cache if cache is available or the cache .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   create

test:  load the copper card data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get an currently configured instance configured with the configuration from ini .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  returns   config
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representation of the content of the arrays .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   metadata
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load this module if the psql bin exist .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  amazon priority hierarchy .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list with default context as keys and values as dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  performs easy_install search for single package .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  check   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the proper group and path to the group .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the short version of raw seconds .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  function   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  unregister an email hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   logging
truth:  unregister   null

test:  build a query by name .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of the configured vm sizes .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the plugin associated with the given plugin .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  function which tests if skipped is skipped .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   method

test:  checks whether the specified keyring is present on the host .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  return   create
truth:  is   keyring

test:  note: must not have a bug that is not a standard index types .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  slices   slices

test:  this should only be called when the scope of the passed in the scope .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  transform   sets
truth:  compute   compute

test:  toggle widget to show the current widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  unregister   subroutine
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_declarator : lparen lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  takes an event and resets the grade grade .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  null   null
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  try to display out string formatting .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  format   null
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check filter_words : words of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  return   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  return why items for all child nodes .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  waits for the service to have a particular service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  return the socket object or the socket .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  fetches the versions from the git revision .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  get   system
truth:  get   version

test:  copy data from one to another .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : numlist numlist expr | expr le expr | expr gt numlist | numlist numlist expr | expr | numlist numlist expr .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  removes accents from a string .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  removes   html5
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  add an element to a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin take elements from iterables .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  take   null
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  remove a filename from a file .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   split
truth:  clean   null

test:  format status for github status .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  helper function to apply to a cache to a cache table .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  return   url
truth:  is   null

test:  helper for finding .
truth: add i . 
test:  adds   runs
truth:  add   i

test:  generate a swift swift port for a parser .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  straight helper function that takes a list of arguments and returns the kwargsreturn selector .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  select   a
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  a view to processor to decide decide .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  null   link
truth:  null   null

test:  return the language specified in the system .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  module   module

test:  search access of the list of keys starting at most len up to a root level .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  creates   helper
truth:  url   url

test:  implements the given address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that bad delimiter from db can be ignored into bad for normal delimiter .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  passing   a
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test downloading an existing x based on a method/ host .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   copies
truth:  test   test

test:  convert shape to category/package representation of shape with specified shape .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  decode   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  reverse that a string value should be used as a string .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  function   function

test:  run the command line process .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  run   link
truth:  executes   null

test:  return consistent chart chart using a hop chart .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  id id of complex to real or local value .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  emit   product
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  use the structure of multinomial to check that the supplied shape is not partial to binary 3) value .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  test   mean
truth:  tests   tests

test:  ensure the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove if not installed .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  check whether a phone code is a carrier code .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if path can be a hexidecimal type .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  remove a or visualization or string representation of a user .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  password   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with tags matching tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  ensures   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  destroys a vm instance .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   power
truth:  destroys   a

test:  pick data and private data .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   pick

test:  used to mark tests as a dummy method for csrf tests .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  represent   wrapper
truth:  do   null

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  detaches the named virtual machine with the number of new virtual machine .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  function   function

test:  copy data to a temporary directory .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new certificate .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   method

test:  get information about the info info in a given content .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  print   get
truth:  null   column

test:  return the version of the portaudio .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the given working arent used .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  benchmark of functions of color(s) on a list of functions .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  format   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  context manager that disables preferred plugins when executing the project .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  file   manager
truth:  null   contexts

test:  given a list of source attributes .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a generator of different probability elements .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a message status .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  only load if zc .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   output
truth:  return   statistics

test:  returns a list of modules that contain modules listed in settings .
truth: execute app . 
test:  null   application
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull out the states from the minion .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  return   salt
truth:  pull   salt

test:  check that the given name matches the given authentication flow .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  removes the current users viewpoint from the episodes .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   episode
truth:  remove   a

test:  fetches an lyricswiki response for a given mime-type .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  fetch   text
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  use netmiko to connect to each of the system in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  processes   function
truth:  use   threads

test:  add a list of recipients to the recipient .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  add   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fail unless the list of paths that contains all of the expected_paths .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  checks if the given best is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  generate full human-readable string .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  changes   os
truth:  -   -

test:  return item from list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  return   items
truth:  count   count

test:  prepare and create a dataset type that is adagrad .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt3 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  file   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display whether time is on or off :return: a string value representing the currently set cli example: .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  display   display
truth:  get   get

test:  load a given repository from the repository .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  create   config
truth:  parse   a

test:  hides existing viewpoint .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  authenticate   user
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes the specified firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  variant of a int_0^oo of the extra functions .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  null   find
truth:  computes   null

test:  create a new repo instance .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  create   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  fetch the wsgi url and return the content .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the matrices by the first image to the sparse matrices .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  apply   prints
truth:  output   output

test:  can return if we can show deleted on specific context .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  if   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  install osx .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  ensures   build
truth:  to   setup

test:  returns a module-level name for the package specified .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  convert   services
truth:  return   a

test:  this function performs the first l{pyamf of an arbitrary expression given as its threads .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  module   get
truth:  constructs   a

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  handle   a

test:  display the version number of reldict: .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  show   show

test:  load a file from the given path .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  load   generate
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach a block storage volume name to the server .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  get   block
truth:  block   block

test:  saves new user_id with new user_id .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  determine if system callback will be used correctly .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  represent   sys
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new snapshot based on the provided snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  check a sequence of sequences .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  computes   none
truth:  sort   sort

test:  callback to handle merging nodes by a simple weight .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  to   back
truth:  to   callback

test:  sort an iterable of values by that can be camelcased .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  sort   helper
truth:  sorted   get

test:  clear the local node .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  create a name pattern .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  add   a

test:  executes a compiler on the given compiler .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  no search results .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  prompt   users

test:  get the type of the package info from the distributions file object this is the bipartite used for the callers average .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total total points as a dict of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  get new video subtitle .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   current

test:  return the name of the named instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  set   a
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  recursively generate nodes inferred by each statement in the given statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to retrieve the list of sections for the given series the sections are returned in the order of their position in the order .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to frac in a way .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  put   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reverse the reverse method of the list or method .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  apply a rule into many expression .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  return   run
truth:  compose   a

test:  create an index for testing .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  a helper function that checks to see if the host is a string .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  join   shorthand
truth:  turns   null

test:  save save information for the specified audio interface .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  to   generator
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the language-code thats to the system if it exists .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  saves configuration file to json .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   configuration

test:  compute the objective objective function for the given precision .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  to   uses
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  builds a test suite for the geos tests .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  null   runner
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata for inclusion as an argument string .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the preferred time zone .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  log   null
truth:  send   send

test:  will return a dependent config value which will be sent to any kind of the test .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  stubs   fixture
truth:  patch   patch

test:  determine if the received repository revision is a mercurial revision repository defined .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  create   create

test:  configure fw rules .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   set

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion assuming that the observations come from a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get a dictionary of jedis objects or a dictionary whose keys are returned .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  null   classes

test:  compile a file .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  return   a
truth:  does   null

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  parse   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  convert returned json fitzig into json data args: obj_name : number of entity returns: str: json .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  convert   entities

test:  if the given reference is a thrift reference .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  returns   verifies
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load the indicated file from the backends/images subdirectory in which the matplotlib library should be installed .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  load   a
truth:  file   file

test:  decorator that converts a method into a recursion default calling api to a method .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find a backup by id or id .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   generator
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  a method to change the current process .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generates the textual representation of the dataset .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  adjust   sets
truth:  generates   null

test:  shortcut for numpy scalars .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  convert an integer to a binary string .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  convert   date
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read the given files from the given file path and return as a single page .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   shows
truth:  read   read

test:  get the utility method of the key and logout out of the oauth connection .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  context   up
truth:  get   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  makes a sample from sample support for sample sizes .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  mean   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  sets the configurations version for the current database_engine setting .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  changes   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  getprime:long return a random n-bit prime number .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this visual function allows you to override the macro-like .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  to   factory

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a cache instance for general requires the content type plugin <release+plugin> .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  return   find
truth:  am   am

test:  prints an error to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  print   print
truth:  prints   a

test:  parses exponent .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  end   end

test:  convert a string to a r .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  fail the characters of the message either the message or the message .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  create a new .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  create   a
truth:  test   helper

test:  convert the values into an integer .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get or set the radial ticklines for the current axes .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  to   get
truth:  null   null

test:  given 2 country instances and the country code .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  switch   null
truth:  given   null

test:  used to recursively copy a directory from the master cli example: .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  retrieve   attempt
truth:  send   a

test:  this function returns true if the input between the reports and the current scope if it has already been modified .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  compute   build
truth:  to   changes

test:  force all logging and obtain the database .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  load   force
truth:  force   force

test:  given a string .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  write   null
truth:  string   string

test:  set the global registry registry for the current thread .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check if pandas is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  if   check
truth:  function   function

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  null   command
truth:  command   command

test:  helper function to ecdf an array of values to ecdf .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an arch linux package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add input arguments only used if running mulled over command .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  add   test
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check the given instances against the given region .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  execute   set
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato sensor .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the number of bytes in a catalog catalog .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  takes   pad
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns file items in a given directory .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   items

test:  goes through senderkey .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of page missing missing revision .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  takes   page
truth:  if   null

test:  return a new communication object .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   a

test:  group sums by bootstraps .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   x
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos to the billedopprotos .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  check for attempting to ensure that the given file path was exported .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  check   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a query to filter tasks based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   tuple
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate the peaks that encodes the given peaks .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   corners

test:  given the xunit output of parameter .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  find   method
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an umc module object prepared for a given entity .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  creates   add
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the provided event .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  create   update
truth:  update   update

test:  downloads an results or zip results that should have a vagrant .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   groups
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator that enables that the decorated function in 'salt and returns the 'salt .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing uplink complete section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  updating   credentials
truth:  routing   area

test:  load the indicated file from the specified string and return the contents .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  read   method
truth:  loads   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  copy a file from a filename or a filename .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   method

test:  reads the docker-compose file cli example: .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   try
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different wrt output .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  a version of 'merge' .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  leaves   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator that ensures that methods with closed closed sync .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disconnect receiver from sender to the signal .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   sys
truth:  testing   sys

test:  create a transform from dictionary of numbers that will return values for each of numbers in the given frame .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  create   create
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator which exempts the decorated function as deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  return   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  list all the hypervisor on the user .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   run
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  replace the given version string with a standard version .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  convert   os
truth:  create   a

test:  revision check against redis revision .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  recalculate   redis
truth:  get   current

test:  return a list with the indices defined by the given table .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  takes   replaces
truth:  null   table

test:  command : next error .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get loops from a carve of a correct mesh .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  create a volume type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ban user and ban submissions .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  adds   up
truth:  null   page

test:  return the data for the given usernames .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  check the given image .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  file   null
truth:  check   check

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  check   null
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a file and return the commands object .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the connections and vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  shows a user as an admin page .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  null   page
truth:  focused   user

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   method

test:  print an error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a variable to be used for intel formats .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  null   style
truth:  formats   a

test:  converts network into two urls where builds and builds are assigned to a saved mode .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  starts   tunnels
truth:  run   run

test:  same as as_sparse_variable but returns none on the tensor at the end of the tensor .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  create a url string for the given endpoint .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  build   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the rate sign into decimal value .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  dump message into stdout .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  returns a list of largest largest largest of the graph g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  generates the template for the given site .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the ckan datastore .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  make   a
truth:  access   access

test:  validate the users .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  sync   callback
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  return   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  convert time in time notation into a time string .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  transforms   time
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that protects endpoints of security functions that require a sessions .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  include the file through the given absolute path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  find   node
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the number of permutations of singular calling the given singular .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  see   null

test:  helper to get/create a new translation .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  require   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   loops
truth:  embed   album

test:  convert a long .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   argument

test:  list nat rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  does the current command line looks up with the linux apis .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function :math:f(x)=(1 + exp)^{-1} .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  elementwise   sigmoid
truth:  null   propagation

test:  converts a given dict of fields to a given sqlalchemy dict .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the names of the active steps for the given cluster .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  did   null

test:  convert a pandas timestamp to a name .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  get   use
truth:  read   a

test:  return a temporary directory path to the application directory of the project .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  block   a
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts the http basic credentials from an http request .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  test that bad grammar of values occurs in bad grammar .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   attrs

test:  returns true if there are injection and lock .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  test   return
truth:  if   check

test:  initialize the scope module if available .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  search   null
truth:  set   up

test:  create an cyclic string representation of cyclic chars .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  view to get the list of user ids from node .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  view   source
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  copy source file from source to the system .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  obtain   a

test:  returns the requested mapping for the given key .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  add   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  common code for libsvm .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  null   color
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  convert the permanences .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  confirmation of base64 .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put the timeout to read .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return indices of all the elements in text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  find   find
truth:  handle   handle

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  skip an object from a test file .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure an iis module is not present .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function that validates the private index key names .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  return   prefix
truth:  get   get

test:  because bing has to be a string .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  null   function
truth:  get   one

test:  expand one or more images into the correct images .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  null   tool

test:  get xml string .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  xml   get
truth:  get   get

test:  the config file should be able to access this test suite .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the path to the ico' data .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  decompress gzipped data on the given stream .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  yield   return
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  create a small small instance to process the specified parent file .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  null   null
truth:  record   record

test:  works that the application will fail if any errors are present .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get all snapshots for all return .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator for methods that behaves only positional .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  verify   waits
truth:  null   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  imports   something
truth:  import   a

test:  no changes to the training training service .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  shuffle   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  restore the data from the cached configuration of a form: configuration file .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  prevent   number
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert bytes to sys .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  apply   path
truth:  decode   a

test:  get current repository .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   null

test:  a helper function to return if a file has been set .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  write   returns
truth:  object   object

test:  runs ctc loss algorithm on each element of the matrix .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  null   script
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  return a list of keyring keyring keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  to   keyring
truth:  list   list

test:  change the users home phone cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  decorator to check the @no_type_check method of a setup .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  extended   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the list of modules that are installed on this system .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  return   current

test:  returns the disk size for the linode .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  accepts   swap
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an attributes of the given object .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   in

test:  convert the state of a function_source or a list of [header into a singleton .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  show all configuration from lvm .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   list
truth:  return   a

test:  list all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed in .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new response .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   response

test:  cast an all-zeros to a same type .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  cast   cast

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit replace .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  delete an existing container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  object   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  converts an internationalized resource identifier portion to an internationalized identifier for use in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for a condition to become accessible .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  check to see if the system is installed in the subshell .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  null   failure
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  helper for accessing a warning to raise a warning .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  to   generic
truth:  assert   assert

test:  decorator that ensures that the decorated function is used .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  request   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the list of arp devices .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve the document and check the resulting permission to the provided permission .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  list all updates cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  writes the given data to a file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator that skips a simple test if the given arguments is that of the wrapped function .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  create   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  groups tokens that have us us through least least one or more groups .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  replaces   set
truth:  null   groups

test:  creates a new model that uses the given parameters metadata : str class .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: shining shining shining the build for this plugin .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   xvnc
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expr : expr plus expr | expr minus expr | expr times expr | expr divide expr .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  expr   expr

test:  decorator to round a value or a method in a precision .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  round   convert
truth:  round   round

test:  remove a kroneckerdeltas from an expression .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  create   a

test:  concatenate nested lists of np .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  like   compute
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a code of the following origin_allow_all calling a list of strings .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  generate   code
truth:  code   code

test:  convert group id to group .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a specific rollback device by name .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  adds an operation to the specified entity type .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  store   remove
truth:  call   call

test:  compute evoked modified from a covariance .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  compare screensize screensize .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  header   generic
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return a list of the nodes of expr .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  return   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  appends an http url to the file .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the openid response to include the current request .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return data to a specific data store .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  ensure   data
truth:  return   data

test:  find the smallest longest between two independent of the input tree and the tree .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  finds   int
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the csrf contact that is initial contact .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  fills   in

test:  returns a list of notifications for the given modules .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   notifications

test:  used by lan_flag: .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  checks   checks

test:  load an image into a floats input .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  promote   im1

test:  left is a list .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  is   null

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  recover   null
truth:  activate   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of levels into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   format
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker plugin .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  checks if a url is an ssh url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test that installed font is returned by the to_dict module .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  loading   loading

test:  returns a template string given a template .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  return   try
truth:  compile   compile

test:  transform a uri into a w2p statement .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  match   null
truth:  transform   a

test:  check the unicode bug label of numpy labels .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the detrend detrend instance .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   y
truth:  return   x

test:  get information about the minion cli example: .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  module   state
truth:  returns   a

test:  the reader should not allow javascript related to make sure memory names when the number of each column .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return art url for an exception on an album .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  return   art

test:  should not have a root column .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  test   egg
truth:  tests   tests

test:  determine the similarity between the box of [lat .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns a class for a given class .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  return   a
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  convert a "surrogateescape" property into a string .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  export   transform
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a function with a custom attribute of the given function .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  runs   wrap
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  check that the user can delete the review .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if we can connect to an ip:port network error .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return the number of workers config .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the users terminal function for the given charset .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  to   a
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  looks for the hdus given year .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  function   title
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl mem_fence() example: # local memory stub .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new keyczar example and from the two rooms .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  the posform function takes number and returns either the second kind of 2 integers .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  null   method

test:  remove the call .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  xml   register
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return the unique uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve a connection to a given vm name .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return the virtual machine for a particular vm vm_ .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  configured   return
truth:  create   network

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  update   update
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  clear all instances .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  inspect   container
truth:  existing   list

test:  get only the logical rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate a b-spline or b-spline between a b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  evaluate   knots
truth:  find   find

test:  write pil metadata to pil format .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  create   metadata
truth:  enrich   null

test:  remove the string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return an album object for all plugins in the plugin .
truth: as above . 
test:  update   field
truth:  null   null

test:  associate media instance in media list on media instance the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  indicates   media
truth:  get   media

test:  return a list of modules to be used for api modules or a makes sure that a particular value is not in the host .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a list of standard pids on windows .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all services belonging to a binary search .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   services

test:  test that unassigned does not raise valueerror .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalize a pandas index from a dataframe by chaining it returns a new line .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  function   normalize
truth:  replace   series

test:  return a list of units names given a unit and unit .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  given   prefix
truth:  return   a

test:  for when response is used .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  to   mark
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a tuple for the tweaked .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   print
truth:  return   a

test:  replace the value of a server configuration file by name cli example: .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  scalar is a relative normal matrix relative to the difference of a .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  code   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test label flip flip spaces .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  label   label

test:  return the most recently added entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  insert a specific connection from all returners .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the about the about the given vim .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  given an iterable of strings .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  debug   calculate
truth:  handles   handles

test:  convert an ipv4 address to a list of values .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  quick function to print a list of users .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  prepend   null
truth:  denied   user

test:  create an array of putting drawn from an array .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  logging   null
truth:  call   cuda

test:  given the string code .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  to   certificates
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  gets the template for the given template .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  replace special characters with spaces and whitespaces .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  convert   regexp
truth:  normalize   a

test:  calculates the minimum of the values of an input array .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  toggle an images on the operation .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   control
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  this decorator takes a list of keyword arguments and applies to keyword values in keyword arguments for keyword arguments in keyword of keyword arguments for keyword keyword arguments where keyword
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  like   like

test:  get gcode line <url .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  split   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes the index of a search .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  parses a number of bytes from a number .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  expects   null

test:  create an action that spawns all methods coming from the given app .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  returns   summary
truth:  return   a

test:  send a message to the broken list of broken .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  make   use
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of objects of the named service instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  returns   a

test:  add entities to a field of entities if it is not a custom fields .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  determine if there are any controller for the given user .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   controller

test:  returns only the string with only one sample sample .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   a

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  null   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the divergence of the base of the given vector or path of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unset the steps from the given method .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  null   load
truth:  decorates   a

test:  opens a stream and reads its state if it exists or file .
truth: open stream . 
test:  function   function
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return a list of the names of all users that contain a resource_view .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  ensure   html
truth:  return   a

test:  filters all errors from the given string .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  command   command

test:  normalize the points in a given row .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  rotate   normalize
truth:  normalize   a

test:  compute proposals of the billedopprotos imdb .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  list   text
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  test if a bug possibly a base base class .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  lettuce   format
truth:  url   url

test:  remove leading whitespace from the end of a string .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  string   string

test:  run a command on a specific host .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  make   wrapper
truth:  run   a

test:  return a data source .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  function   a
truth:  add   add

test:  return true if the last modification of the file already access .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   in

test:  set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   decorator
truth:  set   a

test:  looks up an attribute given an attribute given an attribute or a key .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  create an iis .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  this method checks to make sure the l{sol} back to the vary file is the coverts .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the time of the get client .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for exception raised through items .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  delete a config file .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  check that the given node is a list of exceptions .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an iterator over the elements of an iterable .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  s   chunks
truth:  return   return

test:  detach an elb .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  attach   detach
truth:  detach   elb

test:  returns the protocol .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  short   return
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  all values of the provided subject .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a pandas color to a hex color string .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  hex   add
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  marks the user if the request has restricted .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  make   null
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  compute md5 hash on a given objects .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  sample score with silhouette based on labels .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  detect   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert binary coding to list .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  converts   int
truth:  create   binary

test:  run quiet on a remote host .
truth: run a command . 
test:  close   server
truth:  run   a

test:  setup the insteon insteon sensors .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  send global vehicle in direction and send the vehicle to the vehicle specified in direction .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   vehicle
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  it doesnt choke on short .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  check   check
truth:  test   test

test:  init norm .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  init   init
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the set of unique indices with those from the given table .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  extract   dataframe
truth:  inputs   a

test:  asserts that the given css and values are the first element of the given css .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return list of collector tuples .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  null   log
truth:  generate   generate

test:  take a labeled polynomial from a order .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  step   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  a percent function that compares the whitespaces in the given domain .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   show
truth:  list   list

test:  create an instance of signify .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  utility function to get dns services from a given subnet .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set default credentials for aws .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  configures a new put put to standard remote url .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  takes   configures
truth:  does   null

test:  sign a username .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  pulls   null
truth:  set   set

test:  list all installed repos .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  check   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read processing spaces from a fif file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  strip leading and trailing whitespace from a block header .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  text   up
truth:  text   text

test:  replace long arguments by their 4-char keys .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   long
truth:  replace   long

test:  return the recent role that the most recently activity user is currently most of the most recently who .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  send an exploration to a new exploration .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  return list of names of all methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert :py:class:bytes or :py:class:unicode to utf-8 encoded format .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the list of application and console info .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  replaces characters that arent printable to the string .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  takes   text
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  return the list of all available variables .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper function to parse python-like memory parameters into leading expressions .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parses   expression
truth:  parses   parses

test:  attach a server and port to a given host .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  attach   returns
truth:  define   null

test:  given a list of paths .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to a url -> url?p1=v1&p2=v2 .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   parameters
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist varlist | varlist .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   varlist

test:  check if the template variables are access .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  calls   calls

test:  verifies the interaction between class and how passing in class to manipulate the class type .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  check   f(clip
truth:  creates   a

test:  given a call to theano variable this layer can be inheritance through theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  renders a template in a rendering .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  print the data for a given formats and formats it as verify .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  return the named function md5 func .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from the provider concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  finds all items in seq that match those elements of iterable .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  finds   normalize
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available tenants cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample with gaussian distribution .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  removes xml character references from text .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ip for a network in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  this sets up a new project .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  adds   command
truth:  execute   django

test:  return the path to the heads file .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  escape markdown .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  escapes   markdown
truth:  text   text

test:  use this decorator to override views that should work on one of the wrapped decorator .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the lxc image .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  run   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  sets a value to disk .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  call   call

test:  attribute of a qlineargradient of attributes .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  use   use

test:  step that the names of logrecords .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  verify   create
truth:  step   definition

test:  returns a list of paths to include authorization distribution names .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  name   helper
truth:  find   find

test:  entry point for ansible module .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  null   run
truth:  start   celery

test:  checks if a mysql user exists .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  scan the list of ports .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  list   handle
truth:  scans   null

test:  run the main function only .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   initialization

test:  takes a string and returns a list of the string specs .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  parses   md5
truth:  return   return

test:  run a python interactive command .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   python

test:  converts given expression to a sympy expression .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  null   copies
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a date in the given date formats to a string value .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  convert   send
truth:  convert   date

test:  return the default extension .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  default   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by end .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   triangle
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a list of cost addresses of the given flow .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  iterator for all edges in the graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall an npm package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  decorator to call methods on an executor .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send an event .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  return   point
truth:  get   get

test:  return the path of the given path .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a list of lists of n items of n .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  given   null
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function has been matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the name of a package .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  formats the heading to make it usable in the message .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  inserts   null
truth:  create   a

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   null
truth:  display   a

test:  return the brightness of the difference of *x* on the multiply value of the columns of *x* .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  adjust   randomly
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the graph that results from contracting 4 .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a datetime protobuf to a timestamp object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if the provided string is a valid ipv6 name .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  if   check
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the specified location using http status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  register registers registers the given class .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  m-th the given key with iv and iv key .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <mean_absolute_error> .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   median

test:  dot product of categorical using the matrix dot product of input x .
truth: computes np . 
test:  estimate   graph
truth:  computes   np

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a llvm free ports that encodes the given port .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   try
truth:  count   count

test:  return the endpoint of the purchase that this is the purchase .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that value is a configuration category .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  validate   value
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns a random string value with the private key in the specified string .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   remove
truth:  purges   purges

test:  registers a previously registered header in the class .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   home
truth:  register   register

test:  helper function to get attribute statistics for given layer .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  null   layer
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  this displays the data to match the list of this job .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  run   filter
truth:  returns   returns

test:  various tests to fail if necessary .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  test   constructor
truth:  function   function

test:  create the contents of a single file .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  return   a

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure a zone exists on a given value should be run on a node with a given value .
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  if   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  tests for custom integer send .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ask   test

test:  init init init .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  load   up
truth:  work   work

test:  register built-in and register classes .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  returns the dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  gets the list of this template tag for a given node .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  renders   outputs
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  extract data from a timeseries .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  get share permissions .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  get   permissions
truth:  returns   a

test:  list the module that was previously setup with some known directories .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  set   updates
truth:  to   function

test:  returns true/false depending on whether git param is installed .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  module function to check a password against a given password .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   null
truth:  checks   a

test:  check voting classifier selects predict when parallel is smaller than parallel predict .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   view
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the status of a given task .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  return   handle
truth:  returns   task

test:  accept and accept metadata for an already rule .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  returns   matches
truth:  create   create

test:  decorate a function to invoke and return the result .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common test cases for distros .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  returns true if the variable is filled .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  null   return
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns the radial wavefunction r_{nl} for a 3d /en/latest/ harmonic oscillator .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test the fix fix .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   app

test:  reset the contents of the prefixer for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  set   set

test:  send an email to a new queue .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  shortcut   mail
truth:  null   queue

test:  get all notification namespaces for the given user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a json snippet as json .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  process   json

test:  unittest runner .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   runner
truth:  run   run

test:  set the path of a file .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   override
truth:  set   set

test:  uses the numa browser to find the request .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  prepares a request object to a  output .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return the cgi and the results of the keys in the tuple .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  print   keys

test:  remove all users from the user .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   user

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from source .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  takes a repos tree and converts it in to a string that represents them in a descriptor .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  null   a

test:  compute the minimum of the x by x .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  test vi control-v style movements .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  estimate bw of two matrices with the same sparsity as the angles in kernel .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  null   bandwidth
truth:  null   rule

test:  used by album to create a newline .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the root mean squared error of the input map .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove flavor access for project .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  given   attempts
truth:  given   remove

test:  save the response data in ctrl-c .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  make sure the figure and all closed events .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  make   callback
truth:  remove   lines

test:  the loader will be called with any args and come from new .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  patch   results
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  resize an image into the resized directory .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  using   resize

test:  delete tests .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  docstring   null
truth:  errors   errors

test:  retrieve a list of all file names that represent this version .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  to   attempt

test:  get file keys that match to be loaded .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  file   file

test:  this method finds the signer for each accounts when looking at a given date .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  stack   script
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  shows the user activity age for a particular user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   shows
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert iso8601 :math:h_n :math:h_n :math:h_n to iso8601 format .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  fetch a friendly client .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses a content-range header into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   wrapper
truth:  parses   a

test:  print the metric value .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  print   part
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sort the given header list .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  takes   sort
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for a decorator that converts a scipy table to its u'raw' table .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  function to perform the event search .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  to   parses
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a timestamp into a standardized datetime .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  shrink   null
truth:  utc   utc

test:  solve a matrix or deterministic eigenvalue a matrix with pairs as a specified scalar homogeneous .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  rgb to hex color space conversion .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  converts   rgb
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a sparse matrix of zeros with or create a new shape .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  -   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a new theano copy of features .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  null   a
truth:  learn   a

test:  set the hwclock clock .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  return   entropy
truth:  null   image

test:  sends an apns notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  the entry point for testing the script .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  ensure   up
truth:  to   runner

test:  iterate over all of the child nodes of the given property .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  given a str .
truth: given a key . 
test:  take   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a value is older than seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that all dependencies of the given model name is validated .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   events
truth:  get   events

test:  return the file name .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  string   list
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the type given is a description .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  value   value

test:  helper function to extract the most useful fields from a dict .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  extract   field

test:  helper function to create and sort the arc bytes .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  find   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of ordering of nodes representing ordering pass in g where node has at a sort: of nodes in g .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  receives   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  test   time
truth:  make   null

test:  check the message is not available .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  if   null

test:  extract an id from the given token token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a new collection id .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the precision based on the given precision and query string .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   precision

test:  returns the cost product of the cost plus w .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  returns   host
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the matrix exponential using svd .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  function   complex
truth:  compute   camera

test:  only load all the command in an instance of the root module .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  output   socket
truth:  run   run

test:  return a dict consisting of the elements of the current axis .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  config   python
truth:  logging   logging

test:  check if given value is a valid terms of term .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  perform   check
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the quadratic function for nodes by the signal on the fly .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generate public and private keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   rsa
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  a simple view to extract configuration matches .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  to   check
truth:  null   decorator

test:  context manager which will cause any delay of the current thread .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  set   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  slugify a string .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  return   return
truth:  loads   null

test:  show documentation for new server .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  execute   config
truth:  set   http

test:  bootstraps a lock to a document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  put   a
truth:  lock   a

test:  split the netmask into local netmask and raise addressvalueerror if the netmask is not found .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  split   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on gentoo systems with pkg .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  run   run

test:  this function is used to open the features features that may have the following the next available .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  creates   read
truth:  expands   null

test:  build the internal interface which will be overridden overridden overridden by the attributes .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  create   variables
truth:  returns   a

test:  import a repo from git repository to a temporary directory .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   returns
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for empty fields after the primer header is empty or equal to the requesters lazyloader .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  shared   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  note   open
truth:  insert   item

test:  train the model .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  demonstrates   a
truth:  train   a

test:  return all items in baselist .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  return   a
truth:  combine   null

test:  creates the python app for the given ip .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  create   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a package .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  update   update
truth:  remote   remote

test:  cast the given value into a schema .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  string   a
truth:  value   value

test:  remove mako characters from the end of a string .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  do   wrapper
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  truncate the file to the filename .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  launch   *
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  returns true if the value is defined: .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  extract information from "xfs_info" .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  find the closest ansi to the given rgb list .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  find   find

test:  converts the given hex sequence in hex form to rgb .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a namespace .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  create a png box for the given figure and bounding .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  create   null
truth:  given   null

test:  read all html from the current user .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  null   page
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  remote remote command if the given command does not exist .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  call   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns a theano tensor of ones with floatx dtype .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  update value of counters .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  create   a

test:  decorator that adds the current curry curry to a *ctx* .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  assert   database
truth:  null   null

test:  make migrations for the application script .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   database

test:  returns the labeller base symbol of n .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update module .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  code   update
truth:  update   update

test:  generates searching for searching for testfiles .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sends a message on a topic to a specific topic .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  wraps   null

test:  used to execute the linter .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a dict describing the version of the current version .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  given   return
truth:  format   format

test:  run a test on a specific job .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  return   return
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function returning (ring .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   new

test:  function to use an api method to get a string like a file .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  formatting   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get endpoint loops from the grid .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  leading   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  default plugin handler .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  landing   page
truth:  render   render

test:  read unauthenticated alert file from the list of alert .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a signature scheme object pss_sigscheme that can create or verify pkcs#1 v1 .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create the given list of data labels .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  clean up any stubs that need cleanup .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  do   null

test:  imports an object by name .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  to   null

test:  test true if all pairs are marked as a chisquare .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   compare
truth:  test   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  null   ascii
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  reads the version of the git file .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   method
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  to   field
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves a differential equations with the given coefficients using the respective order coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  class decorator to enforce subclass methods .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  catch   class
truth:  to   function

test:  generate an expression of the samples drawn with a given shape .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an int to a base 36 string .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  raise an exception if tp is not in tp notation .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a fixed pseudo-inverse pseudo-inverse .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  waits for the element to become a given period .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  click   click

test:  transform the repo from :func: to show .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  expand   script
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  get the most recent tree .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the elementwise product of the values of the first elements of the given array .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  assume   uses
truth:  null   a

test:  reject the number of fairness experiment for a given experiment .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  reject   number
truth:  using   null

test:  removes a nexusport binding .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  reads list of author comments for the given coordinate .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to insert more document into more web server .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  link   links
truth:  insert   insert

test:  build a conversion dictionary from a list of option objects .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  load   build
truth:  converts   converts

test:  pick and returns an entry that is selected in the plugins .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  plot   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   get
truth:  points   points

test:  return true if n can be prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the libcloud object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find the convolutional rotation matrix using a musicbrainz rotation .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  request   image
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  make segments segments by applying two elements in power to np .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  make   create
truth:  list   list

test:  return a llvm constant representing the struct types .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  create   remove
truth:  create   a

test:  reset api to a given api .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  disable   logs
truth:  declares   null

test:  loads flowgrams clustering in the given directory .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  scan   behavior
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  return the scheme in the current working grid .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  null   a
truth:  send   send

test:  return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  indent text with a maximum of text .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   null
truth:  indent   a

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   object
truth:  to   alias

test:  return a list of undeclared for all items of this node .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  find   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the absolute path to the users files .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   get

test:  get nibbles to nibbles .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  null   helper

test:  given the url .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  generate toolbox .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  stats   quality
truth:  is   null

test:  sets the value of a single thread .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  set   configuration
truth:  change   change

test:  retrieve all ranges that need to be found in the given diff and returns them .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  print   user
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns true if the given character is in the main loop .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  if   null

test:  passing a value through a time .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  test   remove
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator that will return an integrand url .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  null   proxy
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the virtual disk property spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  test %reset db validation .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a file: path to a file url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a filter that emits a given source to a given source .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  extracts   null

test:  decorator to create a cached args and kwargs .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  waits for the service to have either on the given service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  control   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  create a api_version disconnected .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make a print palette that will be stored in a palette .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  make   a
truth:  set   set

test:  return true if the object has an instance of the given class .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  show a module from a pyinstaller .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  returns true if point is in point that should be called .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  get   return
truth:  if   null

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to get all items in an iterable that are unique .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  duplicates   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper for the tests which will be the main table so that the lowercase will be marked as if the cached does not calculate the configwidget will have the configwidget
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  calculate   groups
truth:  if   test

test:  returns true/false boolean value if the key in the trie are k .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  collect the list of ports created by quantum from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  generates lift walker from whitened estimator .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return information about a group .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   show
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type list --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   context
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an keyboard role that can be a schema role .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   role
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller - needed to just seeing button .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  commit the given package in the given package .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  to   null
truth:  short   get

test:  a generator that generates all the various incremental .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  make   generator
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  the memory index of memory index .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   location

test:  for routines that return a coordinate sequence .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  run the unit tests .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  the internal helper function that coerces the type to decide if the type passed in .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  infer   null
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a switchport object - shared port .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  validate and parse the resulting url if it isnt in the locale .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  accepts   formats
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns true if the child is within a child template template .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  generate gexf gexf for g in graph g .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   lines

test:  :func:_parse_kern_pairs -> normalizes return a list of lines from the output of non-nested .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   lines

test:  create a new user for a given address .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates the entropy mask from a list of strings this takes a list of strings .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  return data to be used for training detail .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  throw   wrapper
truth:  process   process

test:  create a loop until it returns an element .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  make   a
truth:  call   call

test:  run tests on the specified safecommit report .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  takes   records
truth:  runs   runs

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  same logic for the dispatched .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  run   migrate
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of users in the source .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse and normalize request header into a tuple with the same parameters as pieces .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  carves   action
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns whether a set of minimal bsgs is a minimal bsgs base .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  if   task
truth:  if   check

test:  show details about the specified hypervisor .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   details
truth:  display   display

test:  decorator that ensures that the wrapped wrapped when the wrapped object has the wrapped context variable .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   policy

test:  check non-explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  extracts sentences from a string and returns a list of sentences .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  ensure that the existence of acceptance are collected and that the datas datas only once .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  force   use
truth:  null   idea

test:  parse resource uri into specific uri .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  a paste paste function that preserves seed the elgamal and seed as a tuple that satisfies the obtained by the expressions .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  a decorator that ensures that the function is called from this allows old-style old-style old-style class to be called with a post of participants participants on the extend and also
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse switches .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing fulltext sentences .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  determine if the specified value is available for the given function .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of non-zero items of the items in which the beta beta function is defined in the beta of the beta .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  renames   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  encode a short string using the specified chars .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  deserialize arg into json .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  value   value
truth:  is   null

test:  run web home widget test .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   web
truth:  run   web

test:  retrieve a module from a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  attempts to infer a unicode string into an path .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  -   timestamp
truth:  null   null

test:  combine two classes together .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  return   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  takes a hex hex hex hex hex string and returns a binary hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex encoding from
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  takes   reverse
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  apply the format of a file paths to the process .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  breaks   up

test:  a helper function to retrieve the country level by a given number .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  check roundtrip for fif files .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  working   reader
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  recursively find root collections of a directory .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all tests in common .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   title

test:  call a function or method with given function .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  testing   decorator
truth:  calls   a

test:  return the adapter adapter of a given ip .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   windows

test:  return true if the vms is displayname .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  display   display

test:  checks if p is a continuous variable of p .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a class that will sort a cached query .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  update   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  set properties for the given field or protocol .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  given   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  split dataframe into two characters .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  split   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  features should extract the post post tags from the scenario .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  null   null
truth:  having   a

test:  confirm that the email token is analogous by an email token .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  output   access
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes the current page content .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  check to see if the given value is a category type .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  build a template string used to dynamically pass the parameters to the web page to the parameters to the rest .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  build   build
truth:  builds   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  input   null
truth:  command   command

test:  turns a kegg enzyme file into a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  return the info tuple for a given given message .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test that the output from a bad file object has no output to a bad line .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the vector3 multiplied by a point in a matrix .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  migrate migrations according to facts .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  translate   parameters
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  encode string into users preferred encoding .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  string   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a file .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  get   a

test:  open or update the database by field command .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  predefined   database
truth:  string   string

test:  decode the binary sequences from a fvwi flag .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  byte   null
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  tests that accounts with ntp function works .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  header   result
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a list of exploration ids for the given model .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  stores   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  test yule-walker decorate .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  check   null
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  if {unique_id} is currently complete .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  ensure   set
truth:  mark   mark

test:  ensures that the client registry is not get .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  to   return
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  this returns a resource chart for the json app .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  gets   emails
truth:  null   null

test:  get the name of the folder from the folder .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  clones git locally .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  execute   master
truth:  specified   clones

test:  used for sense .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  start   find
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a tag .
truth: add tag . 
test:  create   try
truth:  tag   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  check   null
truth:  using   test

test:  return an filename or a string with an open string .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  renames   version
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  common code to change a gecos gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   updates
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 64-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  constructs and adapt a list of names for a given root of names .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  cd -> vdi hacked .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  run   getter
truth:  create   create

test:  error checking for routines that return the translation function is not installed .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  check   check

test:  parses a description .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  function   access
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dictionary of header tuples and converts it into a single string .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the tikteck platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  same as f() .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  change the default outgoing attribute creating a dictionary .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  fade   null

test:  parses a string .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  stack   stack

test:  return the path to the user log in 'darwin' directory .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  code   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a tuple .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  given   null

test:  if you create database succeeds succeeds .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  if   test

test:  deletes a job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  create slices for slices that dont include comments .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print the estate manor to the state of the target image stack the name of the target estate .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  number of inputs into a single iteration .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  null   number
truth:  return   number

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  gets a string of a number or four float .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  create a certificate cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the symmetric group of order n as a list of order n the first kind .
truth: return base . 
test:  create   a
truth:  base   base

test:  build an environment dictionary from a list of google cloud provider .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  generate a buy data store .
truth: custom view . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  helper function for creating a single string .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  wraps   url
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  splits some string into multiple sub lists .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  run   a
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate image optimized by adding some objects to it .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  null   f
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an action action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return the url encoded by unicode .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach approach approach and wen-lian hsu by chung-yao chung-yao and wen-lian .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  create api-version specific legacy builtin builtin .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   replace
truth:  create   create

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  wraps the declares of nbits and returns the result of nbits bits that the result of nbits .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove refct pairs from bb .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  remove   download
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple with whitespace and whether it is more kwarg versioninfo .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  return the ipdir directory path .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   metadata
truth:  get   ipython

test:  check the list of enabled filters .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  if   function
truth:  validates   validates

test:  adds a user to a tenant on the tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  a context manager that writes a file into the default postag .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  rules   mark
truth:  run   a

test:  returns true when address ending multicast address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  decide   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  flushes log .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  push   null
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return a list of strings that are not in seq2: .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  chooses   a

test:  returns the distance of a 2-d polynomial with lst[b:b+m) or more than the viewport .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  show all timeseries .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  lists   listener
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability availability .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates that value is a mapping of mapping names to bson .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parse and return the next repository cwd .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  null   os

test:  marks the user as tests and prints a instancemethod .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  to   waits
truth:  change   change

test:  create a step .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  insert   data
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete an imagemember or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  primitive content and the primitive form of a primitive polynomial .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  content   content
truth:  content   content

test:  widen the preface gcode text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  the url for xblock .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  add a billedopprotos to the given trace .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a list of the acl acl plus v1 acl list .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the load module in the given path .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  exploit   import

test:  return url for api resource .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  github   github
truth:  github   github

test:  dns dns closest records .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  list   column
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  decorator for tests if .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  sorts otu table by mapping file into sorted sample list .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   otu

test:  returns true if ios is available .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets metric by name from the list of metric .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  generate   metric
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a random selection string .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  be   null

test:  returns average norm .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   a

test:  register a new :class:command .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  store   handler

test:  converts the given value to a string using the currently formatted template formatted .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   wrapper
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  validates that t is a string .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  process the data of a module when the frequency of a module is structure .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  are   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure a binary string is not a decoded version of str .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  test extract_array utility function .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  profile   test
truth:  test   test

test:  allow you overriden to be used via a command .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  run   wrapper
truth:  return   arguments

test:  this returns extension of the list of extension to be used by the current request .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may have a scheme and may have a value .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to check if the given request methods are valid .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a phonenumber number that is a phonenumber when the number of characters needed to create a phonenumber .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  checks if a csr matches the specified certificate .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  display   null
truth:  does   null

test:  return a list of commands content given a docstring .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return a list of all child nodes of the given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  like   like

test:  helper function to do some exceptions on the specified width .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  performs   whitespace
truth:  pad   strings

test:  compute gaussian noise noise moment over a single image .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends the login request to the given url .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  fixes one or several locations to the resized .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return crange .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  null   score
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user: a blaze expression to the given expression parameters expr : parent string or renames if the input is a parent mode .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  show   a

test:  validates whether a list of strings are present in the list of strings .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  given   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  send a notification request to the specified object .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  t robust covariance matrix for random samples parameters effect_size : ndarray the magnitude spectrum .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  compute   compute

test:  load qiime template files and lead if they have the given filepath .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  default   default

test:  read all multipart/form-data attributes into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return the string trail in the string from the level of the string s .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  make   sparse
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line argument into a dict .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   lists
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds headers to the context of a given response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  shuffle arrays .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  null   a
truth:  use   use

test:  enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  package   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return the horizontal matrix of diagonal .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return a fake volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  fake   fake
truth:  return   a

test:  return the list of osquery cli example: .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   sql
truth:  time   time

test:  validates that a string is valid for operating system .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  iterate over providing .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  parse   call
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  generate a progress function for binary classification .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts a matplotlib figure to a cubic .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the percent of cpu times as a list of cpu cpus .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  parse the team key string into an rsa key .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  parse   string
truth:  split   split

test:  disconnect a service instance using excuse .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  submit   log
truth:  function   function

test:  clones a mongoworker by name .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  show the flash message of the given flash .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  logs   generic
truth:  null   a

test:  turns a kegg enzyme file into a single blast object .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  read   a

test:  this function will build the map with the given objects for any redirect objects .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  patch   face
truth:  like   like

test:  across attributes as returned by the given attributes .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  array   returns
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  returns the given string as json .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  splits   function
truth:  output   output

test:  create an instances with the given name and instances .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test querying metadata from cache storage .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  querying   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  dynamically add names to new modules in the given directory .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  return   register
truth:  return   return

test:  activate config .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  execute   config
truth:  null   section

test:  returns the line starting with single quotes and according to the given line .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  check   structure
truth:  provides   null

test:  prints out line value or negative error message if an error is given .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return a list of node classes to the mercurial location .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function finds the hcluster hcluster and returns the first one to compute the closest features to use for the closest .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   cluster

test:  release the available chapters of the chapters .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   null
truth:  release   a

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stops cassandra configuration .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   zookeeper
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  return the cache of the settings for either settings or the requested durations .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the latest version of the current request .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  transform   information
truth:  null   null

test:  like urllib2 .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  quoted   return

test:  extracts information from snipmate version .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   text
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete the given images or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  specified   delete

test:  return true if idle is available .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  ensure   root
truth:  return   return

test:  runs one or more nagios account .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   mark
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parses the response body body and return a python object .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   status

test:  sends an api request .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  filter   items

test:  looks up the check to check for check checks .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  escape a value for use in a url .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  instructs chocolatey to run the tests if this script was hosting .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  null   build
truth:  install   install

test:  test whether the text search is in the full database .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  configure   utility
truth:  if   test

test:  create a simple superset with a shifted model and set up the metadata object .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  store   a
truth:  create   a

test:  verify that the given path is a valid mount root directory .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  return   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  create a backup object .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate and return a dict with the given key pair cli example: .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  to   a
truth:  generate   salt

test:  search for a program .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  the contents of a variable .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  delete   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  remove the fake project that is created from the application .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the value is a string and deserializes it .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test ordercreator when only contain "text" rules and add tax order to the tax section of tax .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  unregisters value and log item .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  remove   set
truth:  function   function

test:  return the correct stdcall pythonpath for a specific file .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in degrees to size in degrees for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  get extended segment from segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a string with a regex and returns a regex string .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  clean   cleaning
truth:  replaces   a

test:  given an executable in the repo .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  check   series
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  add an entry to the list .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  main program function for across fasta filepaths .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  trailing   function
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new theme based on cookiecutter template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a list of the genres that are on the provider .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the value of the given mode .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  validate   call
truth:  support   multiple

test:  do anything and dot if the deletion contains deletion .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  if   logs
truth:  run   run

test:  copy data from file to dicts .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  round   convert
truth:  write   a

test:  test sane .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  this function converts a cubic to a string value .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  do   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  gets a straight tag of a given object .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  null   case
truth:  used   callback

test:  get the harris points that need to be of the chunk of this chunk .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   corners

test:  given a vector .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and a path .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  generate   union
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   number

test:  retrieve the name of the process used for the process .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  process   process

test:  load the attribute of the given module .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the head part of a basename .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  url   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform the __clrtype__ function .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a link to the api json file .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  return   link
truth:  make   a

test:  return the laplacian laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a string from a suffix or file .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find the condition of the boolean array .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  to   find
truth:  return   return

test:  return a formatted exceptions message .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  exception   helper
truth:  format   format

test:  this function returns the current platform .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  tests   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the specific config file .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  read   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  detach all available request if no device is given .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   wrapper
truth:  attach   a

test:  load only on minions that are available on this cloud module .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  work   null
truth:  load   load

test:  convert text into text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  read   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  set the given properties on a project and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  update   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  set   works
truth:  works   works

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: run a command . 
test:  runs   cmd
truth:  run   a

test:  check if the object is a list of dicts .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   standard

test:  make sure that change is not used .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list containing unique volume names .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of images cli example: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  return   show
truth:  return   details

test:  ensures that the method method has been api when the input is not requiring requiring requiring requiring .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  make   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  convert a long integer into a byte string .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  generates all temporary files associated with a given lexical .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  returns a string that is a string of the given size .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return an absolute version of a path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  dynamically find the resource from the specified path .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  to   null

test:  delete an user server .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  deletes   a

test:  parses the data from a stream into a dict that can be used for the given stream .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parses   decode
truth:  parse   parse

test:  redirect to the client specified by the client .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  null   shim
truth:  null   shim

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  solve   pool
truth:  compute   compute

test:  open the help chapter for a given branch .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  open   urls
truth:  opens   null

test:  recursively convert a list of files into a dict .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  check   check

test:  intersection intersection of a relative around intersection relative to q .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  return   normalize
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the latest device details for this user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  db   returns
truth:  queries   queries

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the given path is a file at the given path .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  is   check
truth:  if   check

test:  set the shortcut of the 'shortcuts' context .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  return a datetime value for the given zone or zone .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  application home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  null   home
truth:  view   view

test:  return the raw parameters used by the give distribution .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  simulate   generate
truth:  null   implementation

test:  returns a random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  deletes any orphaned instance into a list of orphaned .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   detach
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  load   works
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  tests that fix fix zero or plan_id will raise exception if the exceptions are set .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate the data of g .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute json listener on json .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  converts a number in the value to a base python 36 value .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate the sequences of the given state .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  only load this module if m2crypto is installed on this minion .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  return   load
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  returns a yaml representation of databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream or stream or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  get   replace
truth:  patch   patch

test:  plot the window using the spatial window .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  moving   compute

test:  creates multiple policies that have been sent .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   classes

test:  test freezing a bazaar repository clone .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  dumps the supplied file to disk .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dump   snapshot
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  create an kind with the given registration code and save registration invoice parameters: invoice is not in the list .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  save   method
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a 2d tensor to a batch .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  this is a wrapper to create a fake method that inherits from the database .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  to   null
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone an authhandler .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   milestone

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   work
truth:  load   load

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  validates the iterables and converts to a set of parameters to a dictionary .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get a service entry for a given host and binary and binary it listens to .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  time   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  return the stream of the pipe .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  context   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the system bindings that the basic system bindings .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using core fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   core
truth:  load   core

test:  modify the current configuration value .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  fixes   helper
truth:  given   null

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   commits
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  launch the tracebacks and mac gauss-chebyshev .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  extract the kind for the given attributes .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ignore warnings for a specific object or list .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  null   object
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   bson
truth:  encode   bson

test:  get the secret token for the given version .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  null   a

test:  sets up the initial context of the specified configuration .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  change   configures
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export a full path of returning no *seq* .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  returns the version number appearing in the given version .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  read a string table for the given table .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   parses
truth:  read   in

test:  gets the datastore rollback" from the database .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  gets   db
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates that id is in the infinite line .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  validates that value is a positive integer or none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  select an attribute .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  select   null

test:  return the hypervisor status by the hypervisor ports .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  return   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  check if a given directory exists .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  decorator if a test is not a collection .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  to   null
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the login to the machine .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the filepath is a votable or false if the file in filepath mode .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  if   test
truth:  reads   null

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   send
truth:  output   output

test:  create a new :class:command that will run methods in the given doer .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   assignment

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a timezone .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a quote username .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  content   format
truth:  returns   a

test:  performs a post-order post-order to world and explore around around timestamps to timestamps around timestamps and only world .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  to   object
truth:  function   function

test:  parses the auth entries from the registry .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  yield all the directory names and name of the given directory .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  files   file
truth:  iterates   null

test:  convenience method for getting an various registration code for a given course registration .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  return   periodogram
truth:  look   null

test:  given a list of ip/cidr expressions .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  takes   convert
truth:  takes   null

test:  this is the main:section stats we generate some experiments .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  print   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  parse a block in a block scalar .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  parse   build
truth:  process   process

test:  compute polynomial composition of f and p .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   p
truth:  reduce   f

test:  test of effect of existing bar bar in the capa_module: bar .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a html scene scene object .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  get   entry
truth:  create   html

test:  generates the list of dependency paths of the given absolute path to the given dependency args: ctx: the name of the function to create the path to the absolute path
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  determines the input length of a convolution operation this function computes the output size of a convolution operation .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  function   function
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  elementwise exponential function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   multiple
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  parse a cookie header into an int value and return it .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   lists
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the corruptor is a native operator .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  validates that the given plugin is valid .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  wrapper for page titles .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert from cartesian to polar pol .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  calculate   precision
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sorting spherical representation of two representation representation of data .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  check   unit
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the answer and stops for a step .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  launch   step
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the course is privileged for the given course .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether the argument is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the currently active language for the current language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test the same topic method .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the django test suite .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  doctest   run
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting or extended channel .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  make a class inheriting from a class .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  used   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  used   cluster
truth:  null   null

test:  a human-readable tree .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  turns   generator
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterates over the hidden service descriptors in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  get the file mode .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  null   null

test:  searches the structure structure as a ldap module .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  add   add
truth:  initialize   null

test:  helper function to get a valid key for the current site .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return the hash from a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of links in the wiki wiki documents .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a list of the items in a dictionary to a single set parameters matching : list of items .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  rabins -> solutions qmatrix a polynomial in gf(p)[x] and a multivariate polynomial .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  generate a web resource to the specified source file .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  go   wrapper
truth:  generate   resource

test:  show a specific returner .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  write   data
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email address .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  email   email

test:  generate all aliases .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generate   build
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup the insteon insteon local sensors .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   function
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the kafka .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the first batched_dot bit of the passed value .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  deletes a line from the database .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   remove
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  return the file paths that matches the given environment .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets the pipeline timeout to channel-based .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  make   current
truth:  set   a

test:  get releases by id .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  get   demo
truth:  search   search

test:  return a list of ordinal n with exponent of n .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  get a network or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  see if slices of the same dimension as the first token broadcast .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the name of the first axis of the file .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if the given search is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  double-decode required .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  to   encode

test:  format a value for use in a yaml file .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  formats   format
truth:  return   a

test:  given a page .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  null   page
truth:  requests   requests

test:  translate a list of backward corpus into an iterator .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  normalized   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a combine combine combine according to the model .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  escapes   function
truth:  create   a

test:  thin patches for searches to be finalized .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  export   export
truth:  git   git

test:  upload a file-like object to s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   add
truth:  upload   a

test:  simple wrapper around pyrax .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  object   null
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  returns the id of a given user .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  get   user
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  adds a new interactive shell to the given shell .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the closest sensor .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create the given directory if it does not exist .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  assure   directory
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the configured backend backends name .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  given a out_path and a keyword expression .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  want   return
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the buffer .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  move   delete
truth:  delete   character

test:  get the dynamically dynamically add the necessary info to the provided list .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  select an element with the given traversal .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   type

test:  convert an image to a scale proto or subsection .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  return   rgb

test:  ensure the keystone user does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  wrapper around sparse to make a sparse tensor .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  create a dask bag from a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  load   compute
truth:  load   a

test:  get the gcode text from the gcode text .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a new logout .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns the error message formatted as a string .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  extracts the name of the display value .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the xml entities .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  mock   null
truth:  use   nltks

test:  create a temporary file cli example: .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  copy data from file to another file .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  null   a

test:  return the raw image that has a dag .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  computes   header
truth:  null   utility

test:  decorator that protects enpoints through the header list and redirects to the response .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda list keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  appends the fragment and attach to the new document .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  link   a
truth:  trims   null

test:  get the current primary key for this machine .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the metadata of a db .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get the subtitle path for the given video path .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a list of text and returns a string of documents with extensions removed .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  clear the contents of a function that will be used to generate the directory to cache the client .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  determine   decorator
truth:  compute   directory

test:  return an alloc of the same results as the first alloc .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  returns   bounding
truth:  if   null

test:  attempt to init the systems .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  initialize   no
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   multi
truth:  parse   multi

test:  this function enables the windows cpus function .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  return an element of xml from xpath .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  find   a

test:  seeks should accept distutils .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  make   compare
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the named image is present .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   image
truth:  ensure   image

test:  adds a relative url to the users relative to the given url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  joins a list into a hierarchy of elements of percent .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any svn:externals directories from dirname .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return the cumulative distribution function of the random gaussian distribution .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  function   strips
truth:  null   null

test:  remove special directories that are created by the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper to create a function to be used as a wrapper to xor xor .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  null   guess
truth:  to   decorator

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  generates the javascript map from the given name and applies it to the rule .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  generates   a

test:  validates that locale is valid .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  if   return
truth:  make   null

test:  return those expansion of backend that has the same name as numpy .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  if   check
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert chocolatey into posify index .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  return   handle
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  null   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  retrieve the value of a given certificates .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a conda package to be installed .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  enable the specified service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  run   run

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  check whether git repository is a diskspace or a git repository .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check that distances are not split on a list of actual distance .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  check   classification
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypts a dtc code .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  parses   access
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform forward to create a sanitized configdir document .
truth: like @property . 
test:  creates   compute
truth:  like   like

test:  html function to effect the thread .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  null   vote

test:  return the moebius-kantor cycle of the chordal graph .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  delete the cookies that a cookie contains the provided cookie .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the scatter property property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  custom buffering for pootle_path .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  generate   frequency
truth:  runs   op

test:  obtain uptime from show show show version data .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  string   a
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  retrieve the server or the exceptions for a server .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  find   a
truth:  get   a

test:  reads information from invalidating lineage lineage all the lineage lineage are in the lineage lineage .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  function   load
truth:  do   null

test:  serializes and unpacks a pickle object .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  serializes   a

test:  extract a file by name from a zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  required   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure the locale is not installed .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse the mapping file .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the path to the current working directory that contains the device .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  safely decodes a unicode string to unicode .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  unicode   string
truth:  make   null

test:  list public public ips .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure that the specified powerpath user is absent .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  test the use of the first model arguments .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   try

test:  assemble the module into a module .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  assemble   function
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   decodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  regression test for url ensures that the full time ends in the current process .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   format
truth:  url   url

test:  test that the view returned from json json output is not well properly set .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  view   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  helper function to get metadata version .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to indicate that the decorated function will be called when the application is on a thread .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns an standard deviation of the given list of values .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  display   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  drop tps with no directories in apps .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   unpack
truth:  drop   directories

test:  undo the effects of quote() .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  select   undo
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  return lines with newline characters replaced by the line .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  translates   html
truth:  string   string

test:  get the firewall status for an host or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  null   copies
truth:  show   status

test:  place profiling data .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  null   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  return command to it .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use aristas to test the shared block of cuda .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to write metadata to file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  writes   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  step that the command exists .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  if   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  make sure only works with @roles in @roles of @roles in role .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  parse a string referring to a list of pathnames .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  support   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a 3d binary representation of the owners function .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   section
truth:  complete   null

test:  return a dict that is doctest/unittest multiple exceptions that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   function
truth:  given   a

test:  like test_record_bad but tests what the output of the file to take a checker .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   error
truth:  like   like

test:  compute partial registers for random samples from a model .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  array   tables
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a program for modules .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   program

test:  this decorator takes a function and returns an instance of a function .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  determines if the given language is an existing locale code .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  to   try

test:  helper for generic .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  get   exclude
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  go from handlers and performs matching handlers from handlers where matching matching matching files from handlers .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  get   text
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if the given filename looks like a module .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns tests usually and does not exist or capa_module: .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  header   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  shows the bio .
truth: display version info . 
test:  print   display
truth:  display   version

test:  convert a time delta to a datetime .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  convert   a

test:  handles a project to a wiki wiki documents .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  view   view

test:  elementwise natural function .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a copy of data .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  null   json
truth:  get   get

test:  return the amount of memory currently installed .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  return   return
truth:  allocate   null

test:  returns the indicating indicating a given namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   api

test:  this function is designed to be used with the right process .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  calculate the style loss between the results of the fragment and the underlying .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  verify   style
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  edit   edit

test:  decorator for methods that are only applicable on the test .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  get a proxy for the installed tool .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  generate   move
truth:  provide   a

test:  takes an exception object and converts it into a :class:pyramid .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  converts   wrapper
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  return or create the site-packages graph for numpy array .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  make   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the arguments in source .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  content   content

test:  parse the code of lines to include a code .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder sensible order set to semicolon-separated .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  null   null

test:  read hb-format shape file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   coil
truth:  read   read

test:  returns size of string to write to size in raw format .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  text   prints
truth:  return   a

test:  exit the python interpreter with the given message and exit .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  print   signal
truth:  error   error

test:  returns an iterator of divisors of the given list of divisors .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  return   shapes
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the environments setting of the state of the given config .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  compute auth for nodes of nodes .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  search   search

test:  retrieve extend_positions diagnostics diagnostics diagnostics .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  run an inventory and setup .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  to   access
truth:  return   return

test:  test for a .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if we are installed in the path .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  return   check
truth:  is   null

test:  makes a request token to the auth token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   function
truth:  makes   a

test:  returns true if the given uri can be variants into something paths .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string to a string .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  run the test only on a boolean value .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  akaike information criterion with small sample correction parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  return the default text representation of markdown data .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  gets   markdown
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  attempts to add a message to the warning using the warning app .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  decorator to make sure we can fail on teardown if the wrapped function .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  to   null
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  this filter checks if a kernel is a kernel .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  get   kernel
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete all server from a server .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return nvram information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   alf
truth:  return   return

test:  display reconstruction .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  disable   display
truth:  show   show

test:  adds a string with the error level codes into a dict .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  null   attributes
truth:  error   error

test:  ensure a specific search name the full package to remove specific module with name cli example: .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  ensure   function
truth:  replace   replace

test:  rooms the current contents of the current context .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return qr .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   serialize
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a list of strings .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  get   try
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  selects a boolean value with the django boolean .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  return   representation
truth:  return   html

test:  returns the mac address assigned to a mac address .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  generate   mac

test:  return a list of all services on this system cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function that converts a data to a string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  normalize   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install the given package to the given package .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   chocolatey
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  given a image .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  find   null
truth:  function   function

test:  demo -> -or- .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  decode a task payload using the given body body .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  post   post

test:  return a copy of the finite-difference function .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decode a string into bytes .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  guess   guess

test:  prompts to a signal in commits .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  populate   sets
truth:  launch   launch

test:  make sure a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate git packages required by git and rules in git .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  show the l10n l10n .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  show   failure
truth:  to   helper

test:  extract the error message from the given error .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  null   url
truth:  to   helper

test:  properly format a list of tasks .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  format   null
truth:  format   a

test:  set up 16-bytes .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  set   up
truth:  sets   up

test:  make the connections if they appear in the web request .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  create   pool
truth:  null   helper

test:  parse the plugin out of the input event .
truth: given an event . 
test:  parses   setup
truth:  given   null

test:  return a combine or drops containing the given expression structure .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  return   y
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns list of queues required for a task .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  get   null
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about successful group .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  post   signal
truth:  send   a

test:  set groups to which a user belongs to modify groups the groups to set to which groups the user belongs username to modify the user to modify groups the groups
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  replace   replace

test:  verify that python is installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  compute the lhs and the lhs .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  default   join
truth:  join   operation

test:  retrieve the data of a datastore path .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a strategy to the specified name .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   strategy

test:  lookup a ptr by name .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  receives the input data to run supervisorctl v1 .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  to   changes
truth:  github   github

test:  compare two lists of disjoint agree .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  reads the secret secret from the secrets database and writes it to secrets .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  writes   null

test:  return the data from a file as a module if it exists .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   current
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this is here to check if a file is inside a file .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  read   a
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return indent .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   indent
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve the list of start date classes for a given course .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks that the value of duplicates and barcodes are same .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  check   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator for methods which may also accessible accessible .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  read lsm sequence of float numbers .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  encode an nmap file .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a django suite for a module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  write input data to xml .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  return true if the site configuration is enabled for this site .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the string with zeros that are in the floats of zeros .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  string   a
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  convert a string path to a value for inclusion in a directory name .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the given path matches any patterns in the given patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  add a bunch of volume to the volume .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   uniform

test:  write datachars output to xml .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  gets the value of a valid user or default .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if a vlan already exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  just test of sem ensures the settings in the start of given date .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  text   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  return a dict representation of the keys in the locals of nodes .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  print   add
truth:  print   a

test:  open a repository in a subdirectory .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  open   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  returns the square root of p .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  split   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  convert the give action function to be converted .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  convert   action
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  get   table
truth:  list   table

test:  test to make sure the plot completion works properly .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the current timezone .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  add the current key? to the request if it exists .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   return
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a record type by name or id .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  marks   instance

test:  list a a github repository .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a relationship() which specifies post_update .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  saves   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get the list of running running and their attributedictionarykey .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  performs   process
truth:  return   return

test:  edit a document .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns list of values for a module .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   verification
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the code-object of the dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that column works on a column of column names .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return true if all the system sizes are safe for the given list of strings .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  verify that the fits checksums .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  prints   a

test:  the appropriate exam method to get an entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  null   workflow

test:  iterate over the abi file .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  makes   wrapper
truth:  breaks   up

test:  shutdown a specific connection cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  disable   converts
truth:  save   null

test:  run the markdown tool to markdown .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  point   entry
truth:  parse   parse

test:  splits a template into source for the given path this splits the given template path for which to the given template .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  function   a
truth:  split   a

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   a

test:  tests that cx_oracle is marked as they are not correct: .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  finds   participants

test:  ask for a filename .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   text
truth:  ask   null

test:  strip whether n elements are a safe subset of n .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  calculate the hash digest of a string .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path to the appropriate prefix for relative .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return a value from a collection .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  take a list of possible tuples and flatten those that have a single string .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string representing replaygain .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   replaygain
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  simple randomized to convert an image to show version .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  null   address
truth:  header   header

test:  delete the named sysv service cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  fetches the database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  header   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a ]store store from the specified uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  returns   chunks
truth:  given   a

test:  sort the given data .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  given a status from a http status file .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  error   error

test:  convert a value into a list of strings .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  get   words

test:  convert integer to integer .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  check if the given path is within the dependency folder in the dependency .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  detects   null

test:  add the given paths to the history of their paths .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  add   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for flexible resource headers .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  define all of the servers listed in the given servers .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   wrapper
truth:  define   null

test:  a base for the globals .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set whether or not a list of desktop icons are hidden using the hidden module .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  add   changes
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect to the signals .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  deletes   matching
truth:  connect   connect

test:  estimate the three form of a propositional sentence from a sentence or a v1 expression .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  push   expr
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  a decorator that facilitates a selector selector .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  execute   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  the value of the sound .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  step   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the paginator .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  null   timestamp
truth:  list   list

test:  load saved .
truth: open history . 
test:  load   load
truth:  open   history

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  reads the provided config file .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  unpack   return
truth:  read   read

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current tick and ticklines .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  call   null
truth:  null   null

test:  only load the module if getfacl is installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other python 2 .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install docker resources in the docker distribution .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  install   handles
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  dimitem : lparen expr rparen | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr | expr gt expr |
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the file path where the given file was found .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  does not raise systemexit systemexit .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  if   strip
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to amazon ec2 :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  moves the file from the destination .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   source
truth:  file   file

test:  safely remove a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  to   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  error if value represents a text into a string .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  return moving moving average used for sanitizing .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  function   estimation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launches a dialog .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  return   url
truth:  launches   null

test:  test fastprint calls .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  inserts   text
truth:  is   null

test:  build a sitemap for task .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   task
truth:  build   build

test:  create a field from a document_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type 6 section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  plot the image and pixel it with a given patch .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  send a command from env .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  execute   array
truth:  send   send

test:  ensure the named service is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  search for a type by name .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  takes a list of boolean patterns that can be a single space or nzb item referenced by the attribute files .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  return   add
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  reads the configuration of the shared data .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  validate   data
truth:  return   return

test:  create an testdata filename for a given mission .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary data .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the twos complement of the first element .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse a string referring to a tuple of uri .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  parses   requests
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  get the original additional parameters mod : object name for a specific attribute .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  module   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add faces from mesh .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   square
truth:  add   cube

test:  simple definite to rgb color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  transform   x

test:  return the mktg_url_ of an image .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  function   image
truth:  given   a

test:  home handler .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  look up the existence of the server .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  calls   environment
truth:  start   a

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  completes program into program .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  retrieves   program
truth:  null   null

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  nicely -> string return the name that starts a given element .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  name   a
truth:  split   node

test:  return the aaaa element of a file .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  test   list
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   volume
truth:  remove   volume

test:  set the preferred time zone for a channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  fullrank rank of a fullrank matrix .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  show the message twice -> show only one should be shown .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  check   null
truth:  show   show

test:  return the name of the docs file .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  creates a list of functions from the given function .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  return a list of flags or more files to check the final data in the deserialization .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  ask   email
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait until a volume has been reached .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  wait   update
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified random chars .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return 18 templates .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience function to get the datacenter current .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the telemetry field of the given request .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  returns   run
truth:  get   get

test:  add items matching lists to each set of items .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  adds   items
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the status of a task .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  record   handle
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the speed url for a given resource id .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets an external model from the given module .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  prefix the value in a vector or its value .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all specification for a given qos_specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   qos_specs
truth:  get   get

test:  renders the markdown text to html .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  renders   render
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  demonstrates use of the virtual host .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  patched version of bytes .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   quote

test:  return a datetime object for iso8601 .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   null
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a specific security group group security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   information

test:  returns a list of valid valid exploration ids for this collection .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a working for working with the given engine .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test the clickableimage class of expected censure censure .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  rsync version of bokeh .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  github   randomly
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  authentication cloud cloud storage credentials .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   credentials

test:  create a new service options .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  send a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   trace
truth:  sends   a

test:  this function ensures that the dimension layer can be set to a few masking .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  if   a
truth:  test   test

test:  try to obtain the current version from the user .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  grab   drac

test:  gets the command of the given command .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  get   try
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated thickness .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  enqueues a task for the given course containing the given course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  checks to see if a file is a valid file for being a valid string .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   test

test:  running the "harvest" test suite .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  search   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  takes the list of dicts and returns them as a dict of those pairs .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as calling webtest .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  calling   shortcut
truth:  does   null

test:  find program action to parent if parent contains a parent action .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to return a datashape class that can be used to represent the expressions and deltas .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets the certificate and the api certificate about the given data .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  return a list of jobs that have scene jobs .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  resets   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute kernel kernel for each feature in place .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the value of the given serializer .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  get   list
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given object .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   call
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that the given string is a valid mime name .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  this function ensures that a local cached has been created in any plotly permissions .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   returns
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks if the current user is null .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  merge a map from the microsoft service .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  read   method
truth:  map   map

test:  add default parameters to the default rte table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  add   enforces
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  check that a project extract extract the data from the database at the end of the given year .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  set   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the dictionary into a file .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  read   dictionary
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call to *function* with the given timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  results   function
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  perform deseq2 negative binomial wald matrices from a directory .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  load   find
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  build the test flag set to include the coverage flag .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  generate   transformation
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculates the count of the value .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  apply   return
truth:  insert   item

test:  helper function to install and print the stack frame .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  apply   return
truth:  required   items

test:  ensure that the image is insecure to a registry .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  push   push

test:  parse setup argument list into prerequisites .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  return the total code for the specified template .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  get   get

test:  entry point for "push arguments from stack trace in stack .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  strips   null
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  returns whether the specified configuration is enabled for this request .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  prompts user to log in to a new password .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  prompts   null

test:  transpose -> targeted .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  make   a
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the distribution .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that syncdb save only if they appear in basket .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test fixing channels .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   virtual
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the scsgate switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a generator of successors of the nodes in g .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  insert a header into the list of squeezing .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  ask   case
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of all instances .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  depth first search wrapper for a path .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  search   return
truth:  depth   depth

test:  change the data into the cinder .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return a list of wanna objects from the session .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes string to utf-8 or represents to utf-8 encoded using utf-8 .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the current module for the specified module .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  stop the geonode service .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   in
truth:  stop   stop

test:  find the capturing or longitude string for a set of lines .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  trailing   open
truth:  input   input

test:  given a uri .
truth: given a location . 
test:  extracts   return
truth:  given   a

test:  add orbits with the extruder off .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the pid by sending it to the pid .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  we need to connect to each service .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  labels   null
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  linker   linker
truth:  linker   linker

test:  expand one or more lines to a single path .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  null   argument

test:  get the qurl based on the url .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns command name for the auto-correct dictionary .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  return   function
truth:  name   name

test:  resource headers for standard resource .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  module   crud
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  proxy to create the theme class .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get new current timezone .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  results   adjust
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  helper function that will return information about the named instance .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from containerbroker before the x_container_sync_point[12] columns were added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforexsync .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  i have sent an email with sent in the body: order .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  match   i
truth:  have   i

test:  return a list of indices sorted by the given string .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  sanitize an absolute url based on the subtype or according to the current_template_name .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all modules from all modules with name from all modules .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  carves -> dict get a proper query string .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  function   function

test:  marks the function if were not requiring gracefully .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  to   null
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  print a warning and prints it with given name .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  initiate students of students in the coach .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  mangle the type for a given type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  signed   return
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute rem of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  list all options from paths .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent name the name of the keystone name of the keystone to remove .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  send notification to hipchat room .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  performs   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  validate and validate metadata map from format .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader to wrap a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  plot metrics in the data .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  retrieves the students with given user_id .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  encode a string into utf-8 encoded data .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  sort   string
truth:  convert   convert

test:  list the files that will be used to access the given service .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  files   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  download a node from a remote host and execute it only if a watch statement calls it .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  download   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generate a random number of soon .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  erfinv value .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  ensures   returns
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request url from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  list locks that are available in the given environment .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   current

test:  get a field setup for the given query .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  generate the modules for the given plugin .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a set of sentences .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines if a file has not been replaced with the given arguments .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  if   matching
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders a form for jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   template
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating uri .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  test   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  given a course_key .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get filename by specified path .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  cnames cnames cnames id for eigenmatexception .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  performs   args
truth:  null   args

test:  return the path to the distribution in *x* .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the rdm create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  features should not parse the first scenario line tags .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  given   scenario
truth:  null   feature

test:  convert some data into template value .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  joins   join
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the long path as a unicode path if it cannot be a valid long .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  produce   return
truth:  use   windows

test:  compares the two paths and returns the last node .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  get the network object with the the the network .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   reference

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  clean up all skipped in the list of strings .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  function   return
truth:  raises   null

test:  renders the data as a jinja environment and returns it .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  render   render
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  converts a dictionary of unicode keys into a dict of unicode keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  to   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  update crc-32c or libvirt datasets .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  download   packages
truth:  get   path

test:  get a python 3 compatible integer from a string .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  return   version
truth:  null   version

test:  fetches a list of all security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  creates a l{asynctestcase} service instance for the given tenant .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  change primary email address .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  change   primary

test:  make a value from a value from a distribution .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   distribution

test:  formats the exception as a comma separated list of exception addresses .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  format   null
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  returns the python implementation for a given lie .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  provides   null

test:  discover a list of file names to load a folder by commandline it to the name of the module .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  plot error band / sine .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get list of simplified terms .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  reduces   a

test:  entry point for flocker-node-era .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  point   null
truth:  display   display

test:  fetch all volumes belonging to a consistency group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  intercept attempts to save and update the current users .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  archive   archive

test:  same as positive integer as positive .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  converts   cron
truth:  cast   a

test:  returns the list of api calls for the given user .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore an existing resource from a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  create a symbolic client and return a vserver to connect to a specific vserver .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  create a dataframe representing npartitions npartitions + .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  if   calculate
truth:  computes   a

test:  given a request and a session from the user .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  get   get

test:  sends an email to the repo_url .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   email
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is used .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this any plus plus
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  initialize globals .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  initialize   update
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve an enabled url for the given provider .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  retrieves   integer
truth:  gets   null

test:  truncates a string that matches a comp .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  shortens   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  trivial   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() should print unicode output without a stream extension .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display vim used by command-t requires vim .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   action
truth:  display   display

test:  return a string with the certain number of characters each line of a string .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to indicate that the decorated method is expected to a test .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  registers   a

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  read   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a datetime to the integer exclusive as a string .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  close   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  get the bearing center list .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   get

test:  create country codes and checks if the country of the country codes are assigned .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a ring of the graph with the given list of cliques of cliques .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  defines   a

test:  show the current sessions from the specified title and return the active status code .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  context   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  log a message with the specified recipient and items .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  function   null
truth:  send   a

test:  add a path to a undirected graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  add   a

test:  dot product by convergence the first process .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  download the nginx from invoice as invoice .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   null
truth:  download   download

test:  create a bpm for this blueprint from a configuration .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse the parser string and return a dictionary of .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  return a list of all state from the specific package .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  package   package

test:  replace placeholders in their string with their respective quotes .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  input   transform
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  strips a ccx and add or pickles pickles to the course .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  takes   strip
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a new datetime object with the given timezone and utc .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  generating   a

test:  calculate md5sum of an md5 hash for the given file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  generate   changes
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  make a python nxm field .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  add   create
truth:  make   a

test:  associate qos_specs specs associated with given qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  associate   volume

test:  convert average cart .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   open
truth:  convert   convert

test:  encodes the given input to ascii .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  copy   string
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  register the signals from the page to the page .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  register   pelican
truth:  calls   calls

test:  convert copy" .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses a cost equation .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing and has been processed correctly .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  run   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  check the user can enter the bounding transforms .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  check   transaction
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given httpresponse and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   get
truth:  adds   null

test:  wrapper function for instsource .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  save   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a shuffled with the given name .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the string error string corresponding to the given reference or error .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   etag
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all the urls that do not starting with a given url .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  counts   url
truth:  null   utility

test:  retrieve the namespaces from the database .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   secrets
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  install   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  redirects to a comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  null   up
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  returns the current test .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  launch   return
truth:  test   test

test:  setup role for adding column and create its global app .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  install   install

test:  get the value for a given python object .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  function   a
truth:  compile   option

test:  get equated geometryoutput by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the derivative of the tcp used to know when the message is retrieved from a http <url .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  extract   ipv6
truth:  extract   information

test:  return the vms object .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  return   vm
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return absolute path to the operating relative to the absolute resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure that a doctest exists .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a specific node cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  check   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  given a method prefix .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  function   predicate
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve google by name from google .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   transform
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  traces temporary files .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add pixels to the pixel list table .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  fixes only filenames of python records from modules .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  change   fix
truth:  to   try

test:  good for either active or for a given target .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  construct   checks
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  redirects all requests .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  format   null
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   subitems
truth:  get   subitems

test:  convert a base64 encoded string to utf-8 bytes .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decodes   convert
truth:  decode   a

test:  returns community info .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update collections attributes .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   addons+collections
truth:  update   collections

test:  returns true if a given name is a list-like inner value .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  returns   part
truth:  if   null

test:  method to encode nibble encoding method into a double encoding .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  show if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  show   null
truth:  ask   a

test:  matrix trace function .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  filter   handle
truth:  trace   trace

test:  same mocked backend as other aws_cf_simple tests .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  given a key .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  validate if the loop is out of a loop .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  if   check

test:  decorator to remove the specified profile .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  run   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a long integer to a long integer .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   digest

test:  calculate the remaining date for a given start date and a timedelta .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  perform float numbers based on sequences of length data using a single layer of 2 convolutional activations .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  float   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  parse a source file .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  usage: {{ data as json .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  include   data
truth:  converts   a

test:  python implementation of unknown python interpreter .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  to   content
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  ensure that the container agent is enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   enable
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the number of bits value of data .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  specified   get

test:  compatibility wrapper for translating this decorator should only take a specific acl type .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a convolution operation .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  encodes   find
truth:  null   null

test:  add above and stopservice to the above state of :class:i18nstore .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  null   config
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test control function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   box
truth:  test   cube

test:  used to execute the metadata api .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  point   null
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne usage .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   mne

test:  return the old qt *offset* .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a datetime-typed property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  returns the type of the specified dimensions .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to check that the actual result of an input response is valid .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  check   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  instantiates an application from a error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  input   dummy
truth:  converts   converts

test:  calculate which symbol for each symbol in an environment .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  a helper decorator that adds the current permission to the specified permission .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  caching   null

test:  create a new controlampservice .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  create a class to be passed to the given option .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  create   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract the exponentent bits from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  recursively traverse all jobs in the given pattern .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  context   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a line option .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  make   application
truth:  null   null

test:  for images with empty records .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  return true if path should be retried .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  inform   null

test:  converts the given property into the database connection for display .
truth: converts db . 
test:  db   db
truth:  db   db

test:  regression test for #1244 ensures that the data can be easily written from a subclass that list .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  return   test
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  aliased   returns
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases as positive .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  if   approximation
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts 3d rectangular rectangular value to cartesian .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns true if the given field has a sqlalchemy fieldname .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a toplevel widget .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  needed   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the demo remotes platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that the in-db file meets the differences and that the on-disk are marked as changed .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  store   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a new compiler to a compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   function
truth:  generate   generate

test:  update bokeh notification from source to the community .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  move   a
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  open the specified host and return the associated host .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  null   method

test:  delete a specific zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   restart
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test dpsswavelet mean of mean -> l .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   log
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  reads all the available config file names and return a dict of part_type values .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  read   config
truth:  read   read

test:  ensures that asserting a previous attribute on inheritance .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  null   files
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  returns the cache filename .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  update remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  execute   a

test:  guess expired sessions based on port of translation .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  get   location
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function to build a tag that doesnt exist .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  searches for minimum first packet in the order to split a number of delims .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  solve a single system of a function .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solve   equation

test:  remove headers from response headers .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  simulate standard deviation .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  simulate   returns
truth:  simulate   a

test:  finds the merge .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  gets the profile for the given profile .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test to make sure the default logging names are set .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   test
truth:  logging   logging

test:  periodogram to periodogram .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  saves filename to file .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  uses   filename
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a block cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  send arp to a specific topic .
truth: hold election . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  hold   hold

test:  should only want to work with a deltaintegrate if its not installed .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  ensures   test
truth:  test   python

test:  uninstall the system 'cscript .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  compute the lower triangular matrix of a symmetric matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  returns   skeleton
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the number of subtasks per task .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  determines   number

test:  retrieve duplicate provider information for current functionality .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  to   hook
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used to mark a method that returns a decorator that difference the current provider .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  fixes a lowest entry from the lib .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  to   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  fetch the users about the given single user .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  stop the gradient .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  fits   representation
truth:  returns   variables

test:  retrieve all db ips associated with the provided jupyterhub .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  common wrapper to return if the named common attribute was created .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  raises   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns the linkage that represents the maximum stops .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the rank of the state in the array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  array   return
truth:  take   a

test:  sets specific modal cli example: .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  if group every selected array of small position - called with location position position .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  append   temporary
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key and add it to the ancestor value .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  return a list of the elements of the given line .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  analyse page through title and return page if title is present .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  object   store
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of contents search for all chunks cli example: .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   a
truth:  defined   list

test:  takes a color triple and converts it into an tuple .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  color   hex
truth:  convert   a

test:  decorate methods which update to get rid of this sessions .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  validates that username exists .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions that this is just a helper function for this callers .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  is   null

test:  calculates the nonnegative sample of the least sample .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  shows the version representation of a deprecated version .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  indicates which sensitive used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  returns options count of given by target_update-compliant or preferred_encoding manipulated .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return the current date in the given zone or time zone .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  time   time
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a penn treebank ii tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the cors cors from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors configuration was not deleted and returns {deleted: true} if cors cli example: .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ to a new-style slice .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  equate the points .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  rotate   handle
truth:  equate   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  register all widgets that the first widgets is the primary widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   class
truth:  register   register

test:  regression test for url ensures that the original definition works properly .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set the value of an object requests to the client .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  this function renders a template into a template string .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  render   template
truth:  render   render

test:  convert x to an object .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  convert   x
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  generate a validate tool from the string name .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the json document that is json when user is currently being used .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  upload a summary of rendering as a detail .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  report   data
truth:  upload   executive

test:  logs the file at the given directory .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  stays   a
truth:  unzip   null

test:  a mock function that returns a mock object .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  verifies that the given value on the given class attribute should be validated .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  verify   tests
truth:  to   null

test:  check that the given version is installed .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  deletes that that match specific genericimagemodeljob .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  query   query

test:  create null locator .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  verify   store
truth:  log   log

test:  returns a matrices matrix from the eigenvalues of the dataset .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  computes   setup
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return an ubus scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list all commits in the repository .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get geometry output dictionary by faces and xml element .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   triangle

test:  return the icon for a particular resource .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  null   quota
truth:  return   return

test:  read count 64-bit float using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  the logical seeds with the cross-entropy of the given vector .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  null   synonym
truth:  null   synonym

test:  print a list of dns for the given domain .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   current

test:  find the given report and return the list of paths to it .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests that we can run a higher order contractive autoencoder and train it for a few epochs on a dummy network .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  tests   file
truth:  test   test

test:  return a formatted string of option parameters value: : option option : datetime object to check for option of option option content-type .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  formats   function
truth:  return   return

test:  only load this module if m2crypto is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  estimate   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   up
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code to change a gecos field information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the qos scanner .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  validate the provided password .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  function   validate
truth:  insures   null

test:  communication or sc1 .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  to   config
truth:  null   program

test:  return the country time zones .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the absolute path of the filesystem of the files in a four directory .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  determines   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test that timeit works as expected .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  function   test
truth:  test   wether

test:  this function encodes each polyline .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encodes   encode
truth:  encodes   a

test:  return true is job is job cli example: .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create all folders .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to the sdist repository .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  generate   sdists
truth:  build   sdists

test:  fetch all attachment records .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return difference between coordinate and p2 .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  return   standard
truth:  function   function

test:  returns shared authenticated for given doctype .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  removes our test elements from a list of "cos" .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  remove   remote
truth:  clean   up

test:  make an mininet with the given itemsize .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  return   return
truth:  build   a

test:  check if git page meets forwarding entries .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  if   admins
truth:  checks   page

test:  return copy of f .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  copy   state
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator that ensures that the user is required .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  for virt only .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  default   default

test:  returns a list of all variables in the given code .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  returns   normalize
truth:  return   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with the provided data .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  move   move

test:  compute the initial scale of the current process of a stable matrix .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   variables

test:  tests what gets exported from a tensor of value in rectangular to make sure no file is given .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  test   number
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  fetches a list of all configured keypair cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   module
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator which exempts the current function from nickname and hostname hostname .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  shared   multiple
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inject custom commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  command   build
truth:  called   null

test:  return the extract_diagonal(host_from_gpu()) and eeg forward them into the given sequence of dicts .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  multiply   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the list of messages to the given template .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  returns   settings
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy the given document to another location .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  test that "text" .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style server with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  read the last file from the file .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of points from a many expression parameters x : blaze expression that leave the expression of expr .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  ask   nodes
truth:  find   numbers

test:  return the output of the specified vm spec .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  encode a number into bytes with the given number .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a given single role for a user on a domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   sin
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract field info .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   data

test:  called prior to deploying the site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  loads according to image in data from each file .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  load   text
truth:  loads   mr

test:  compute the string similarity between two node objects .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  document   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  return the timestamp for the given range of values .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  instructs   returns
truth:  create   create

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the pcap .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  queries   info
truth:  return   return

test:  return the list of students metrics in an instance .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals with datetime objects not serializable by default .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  skip   a

test:  callback to append a data option to the json for json data .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   callback

test:  returns a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build the navigation navigation .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  upgrade   a
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  clean up the next id of a file by the course .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  url   url

test:  add a offsetboxes box to the color and the axes function .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  attach   algorithm
truth:  surround   ax

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  to   cast
truth:  to   cast

test:  assert whether the input argument of mask are in the expected value of expected values .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  asserts   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   file_changes
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns true if the pid exists and pid is a list of pid names .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  return   d
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate that the supplied interface is a valid interface .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   null
truth:  input   input

test:  only load if the dockerio execution module is available .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  null   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   entry
truth:  update   entry

test:  given a name .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  replace macros macros smaller smaller by one of its input tree with each input tree .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  simplify   a

test:  implement the string to fix the contents of a number of spaces .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  create   text
truth:  text   text

test:  convert a vif model or a vif .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  bulk delete .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  like   request
truth:  apply   action

test:  specific power of types or raises an exception if the power looks like an exception .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  value   validate
truth:  if   check

test:  iterate over all the documentation in this file .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  get qual stats from the bins list of position or qual .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  bins   bins

test:  finds and returns the first biggest for the given root .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns a dict of the info for the given license .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  accept   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup worker optimizations .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   worker

test:  compare two strings a and b according to the same version of runtimeconfig-generated .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   versions
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return an iterator over the arbitrary arbitrary element .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  resample   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct print name from the form .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fixture that mocks and slave its fixture to the fixture of the test functions .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  value   value
truth:  returns   a

test:  waits for finite random arrays to be of np .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  like   like

test:  test that voigt works with existing column of the matrix model behaves as a voigt model .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   include
truth:  include   include

test:  test key_dependency validator .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   latitude

test:  dynamically load a schema resource info .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  form   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create a new task class with the given instance .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   null
truth:  null   method

test:  iterates over all indices in a list of indices .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   group

test:  return an iterator of objects .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  null   frequency
truth:  config   key

test:  load an object bindings .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  loads   create
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a timestamp value to a timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  factorial -> returns factorial .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  return   return

test:  test retrieving an api .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  given a clsid .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  escapes   task
truth:  get   a

test:  checks field name is not too long and matches pattern .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  provides a flash encryption request for a flash power & return the encryption power power if you need to be called with a flash type of the flash sets the
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  return   a

test:  stop a container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle tristate output bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   toggle
truth:  control   control

test:  compute the new secret key based on the secret value .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  wraps a descriptor with attribute .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a file in the form of the file .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  converts   update
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return response .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  null   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  flatten an iterable of nested lists into one level of nested lists .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  nested   null

test:  create a fake optionvaluecontainer object that contains the same number of dataset lengths .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a list of length from a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure that bad setv does not compile .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  gets a trace .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  take   null

test:  compute connectivity connectivity for a bilinear polynomial .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  register the initialization activity activity activity .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  to   registration
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return an data dict with some arbitrary data in it .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  writes   return
truth:  return   a

test:  the fitness for testing purposes .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  solves   return
truth:  null   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  base != .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  return true if the function passed is running under the running function .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  create a patch to the specified service .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  if   move
truth:  log   in

test:  helper function to convert protobuf protobuf to a protobuf protobuf .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  search for text by replacing the list of indices .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  search   index
truth:  takes   a

test:  delete all objects .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  drop   history
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the matrix atlas .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   graph

test:  add an argument to the value .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  expected   parameters
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get the description of markdown .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  get   replaces
truth:  apply   html

test:  loads the libzmq module from the libzmq buffer .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   load
truth:  bundled   load

test:  display the current database version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  db   database
truth:  print   databases

test:  return true if the cubic error is equal to the right of a distance error .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  subtract   summary
truth:  null   null

test:  takes the given lower node and returns the next block .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  code   a
truth:  text   text

test:  produce a given variable number of valid parameters upp : scalar upp of two or group of the number of observations upp : scalar returns the number of observations of
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the poisson discrete cosine transform of a dataset into a julian .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpacks unpacks a blob .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  concatenate   convert
truth:  signs   a

test:  this is the same as the inner style if they are the same .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  code   check
truth:  if   null

test:  obtain a status from a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse composites parts into return dict of site line * fasta_out_fp: is a sparse line .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  view to remove a report for a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  to   logs
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  start a server server on a given host .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  check   method
truth:  if   check

test:  create a new config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  generate a generator that applies to a list of events .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  to   generator
truth:  null   event

test:  return a list of test modules which can contain test suite for each module .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  print the output of the nest display to the given hash .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   httperror
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level implementation of hermite polynomials .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  test creating a custom type from an object type .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  define   null
truth:  make   a

test:  updates a profile cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  set   return
truth:  change   change

test:  update map of all functions and their dimension .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  update   a
truth:  change   change

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the value of a instance .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  return   a
truth:  describe   null

test:  remove the default value from an object .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  like   default
truth:  perform   a

test:  store the specified bank .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  store   information

test:  calculate and bounding a box to a crop box .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  runs   range
truth:  generates   null

test:  return true if the email is a valid email address .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  return   email
truth:  checks   checks

test:  adds a package to be replaced with the package name to show .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  json handler for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  null   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  takes the request type and returns a standard response type .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   temporary

test:  attempt to execute an interface with a non-sloppy environment .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  takes   update
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the given object has a unified protocol .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if m2crypto is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  this is the bretts function .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decode a field_data encoded data .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  set up the concord232 alarm control panel platform .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  return shared information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  return the display spec for a canvas .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  finds the configuration .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  look   null
truth:  function   function

test:  does the clean itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   up
truth:  resets   a

test:  answers output of different projects for text .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  text   text
truth:  create   a

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  context manager to activate the temporary directory and destination the number of "names" .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   null
truth:  adding   context

test:  raise an exception if the file is not a version .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   attempts

test:  level level of virtual host .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  let   null

test:  convert a datetime object into a timestamp .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a specific sm backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  srensendice coefficient .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  control   coefficient
truth:  null   null

test:  create process for working .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  create   oauth
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  converts a numpy array to a numpy array .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  concatenate   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove database records and demos the database .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  lock   null
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud dns .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse the information from a blob upload upload key .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve all the manifest from a repository .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to create a python code or a string code .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  transform   transform

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  tests the string match the right token in the string argument .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  ensure   pip
truth:  tests   tests

test:  compare the current power to see if the given power is requesting .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  force   set
truth:  request   power

test:  get the name of the python process .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a show id from a id_3 id .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   convert
truth:  takes   a

test:  reads the compensation embedded embedded integer from a plain file .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   count
truth:  count   count

test:  create a glance metadata for the specified volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  create   update
truth:  update   update

test:  test that a bad client is not a reconnect client .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  convert an expression to latex form .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  convert   expression

test:  return the free free directory path for the given path .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  get the pants version .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to flipwritable bit across multiple files in parallel .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  to   example
truth:  flip   null

test:  check if a real device or cache is a real dev name .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   null

test:  merges two parsed less .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  nested   merge

test:  sets the given file .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  enter   null

test:  returns a slugify uniquely if a certificate does not end .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  add   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  strip all additional variables from query string .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  create   strip
truth:  strip   strip

test:  put and attach a dummy node to the name .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  sets the enterprise url to the github api .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  configure   class

test:  string escaped for use in a string .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  default   function
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  extract the token from a cookie request .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  given   a

test:  for a given wcs .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  null   a

test:  renders the given template and returns the result as callable .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  renders   need
truth:  create   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  function to compute the complex order to the broadcast in the given basis .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  allow only those values to nested nested tuples .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  to   controller
truth:  to   iterator

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  adds   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a string of the the number of vat .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  calculates the geometric conj -- y: a and b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  null   relation

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this will define a form of a basket variable and populates it in the list of xfs variable .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  solves a system of a rational function .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test the edge function .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   commutators
truth:  color   color

test:  return an iterator over the exceptions of the message .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  if   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a yaml table definition formatted string with the given table string .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  retrieve a disabled disabled from the given list of hash and the given transcript .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  to   mysql
truth:  mock   mock

test:  return a form which is the create a form function .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  output   mode
truth:  null   mode

test:  raises a ~astropy .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  if   null
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel fail dependencies dependencies of wheels .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  test   pip

test:  function to turn a temporary file into a temporary directory .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  to   function

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   field
truth:  return   field

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a setting .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the internal representation of a static document .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the specified virtual host is present name the name of the database to remove permission to create the user to assign permission to true to the password the password
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the file paths .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  http request handling .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  performs   try
truth:  put   put

test:  calculates the value along the given axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  return list of lists of tagging in a minusminus format .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  tag   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  return a dictionary that matches the given string .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  takes   check
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz4 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  default rooms handler .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  error   a
truth:  -   -

test:  fetches the ratings for the given exploration from the given exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  given   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  tell the parent of a node .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  list   permissions
truth:  returns   a

test:  object untrash .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for cinder qos qos qos to reach a given qos .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder for static folder edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  flatten the given input and import the list of tuples .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return the size of the device for this device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  generate   find
truth:  return   size

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  require a test if context is not in context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns the list of units that have been invalid into one of the given units .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  get   get

test:  list all projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  list   view
truth:  lists   lists

test:  destroy the provider or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  add   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test that initializing from a simple sample function function .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a recent pathpatch to a 2d numpy value .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   in
truth:  convert   a

test:  require several rpm packages to be installed .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  package   null
truth:  return   return

test:  runs the django applications .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  install   django

test:  sets the config settings for pyglet server .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  migrates   spec
truth:  set   gl

test:  given a string containing valid cwd .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  search   build
truth:  check   check

test:  create a blank property for a deprecated set .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  encode a binary string as utf-8 or plain ascii string .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  encode   string
truth:  return   return

test:  setup as a sphinx extension .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  adds   create
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  helper to check if a theano variable w3af_profiling this checks that the same value of the input variable .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  raise   sparse
truth:  check   number

test:  check if the given item is an same limit .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  return   return
truth:  usage   usage

test:  observations quadrature .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  to   measurement
truth:  null   version

test:  return a patched instance of a step .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  validates if the color given by string .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  s   s
truth:  return   a

test:  return useful frame object .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  return   get
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should parse a step .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the file name path in the directory path .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  pure implementation of the number of bits of the first kind of binary numbers .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  provides   binary
truth:  display   n

test:  return list of human-readable chunks from the given word .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  add   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  normalize the version to match a pack version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  format   percent
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  make a logrecord object with the given features .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  setup modbus sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  generate a random secret web token using the specified length .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  null   plot
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the pid of the given pid .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  to   try

test:  return the path to the rcctl(8) directory .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  dotted   reverse
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  null   manager

test:  insert data into the selected returner .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   actions
truth:  return   data

test:  build the url for the clean up to the end of the article .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   a

test:  setup cover controlled by shell devices .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  release a module-level lock for the given image .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   null
truth:  release   release

test:  render a set-like method into a file .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  render   call
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate a network or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   a

test:  render a accordion request .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  render   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type 17 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  remove the virtual environment script .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set a key in etcd and value .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  set   add
truth:  function   function

test:  loads a file from local filesystem .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   data

test:  returns manifest manifest from a package .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   routine

test:  sets the backend data into the backend loaded data .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  adds   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return the closest date of the given date object .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  shows the list of discussion discussion discussion category .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the actual tree correctly .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an acl token by name .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transforms the plot .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  get   options
truth:  null   method

test:  only load if apf exists on the system .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch an image from the database .
truth: grab image . 
test:  fetch   image
truth:  grab   image

test:  send an openflow with the given dpid from the given argument .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  checks   likelihood
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce traffic server on the local node .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   content
truth:  bounce   null

test:  undo the current event .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  rotate   gas
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uses the decorated function to create a query response .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  make   a

test:  returns list of column names from file .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  return   list
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   type

test:  calculates the intervals of the elements in *x* .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  null   estimate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  retrieves a value from a languages key .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  returns   lookup
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  compute square-free number of a polynomial in a :app:pyramid file .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set debconf .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  produce a list of outer and produce for either uniform or proportional with those extensions .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  builds the memory setting for a given setting .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  support   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  test the quantity of the quantity at a time .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   frequency
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the specified service is installed .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  given a start bar value .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   check

test:  attaches a new virtual machine to the provided virtual machine cli example: .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  function   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  need to override a string in the format that is not already string .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  parses   normalize
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  makes a function from an absolute filename .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  return   network
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns returns a account array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns whether the current context has a definition for the specified context .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  like   like
truth:  if   null

test:  create a grid of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  create   a

test:  log logging .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  takes a user .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  generates   directory
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper for ipython tests that dont have the queues queues .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  test   encode
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  plain plain setting for plain python new figure should be done in a windowing python mode .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   performance

test:  return a copy of the current figure .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively collects all modules in the given directory and their subpackages subpackages .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  given   call
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  skip a test if denied is true .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove leading zeros from f .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  compute   exclude
truth:  include   include

test:  given a list of global arguments or a function .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a bit using a set of term .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   term

test:  return the list of tags that are installed but not in the given images .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  rebuild -> int calculates the leading harmonic mean of the process with numpy .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  renders   correlation
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  this is only used to create the hmac objects for tests .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper method to connect to an ssh ssh ssh .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   method

test:  default between the default style dictionary .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  set   style
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a feature string that should be scenarios .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   feature

test:  returns a embedded positions of the given warning .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   root

test:  check if a user has a permission to be created .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  if   check

test:  coerce code to unicode .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  allow   series
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an image to a bitmap string .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the zoneinfo file to use for the given zoneinfo or archive .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  return   get
truth:  cache   cache

test:  helper function to generate a single loss .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  calculate   loss
truth:  adds   null

test:  compute the itilbert kernel for a given period .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  null   x
truth:  return   inverse

test:  only runs on freebsd systems .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the backups inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just seeing enough .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  compute distr distr size of nan parameters nrepl : array_like .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  link   null
truth:  run   run

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  return the full path to a directory that contains .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   current

test:  test that phone of #1" method equals equals .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   helper
truth:  test   values

test:  return the base of a filename .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  null   content
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set new subtitle file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  set   new

test:  read p4 for the current pipe .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  return   read
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  convert a port number to cpu seconds since cpu .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  function   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the class name for a class .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  import and return the module to the given name .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  import   import

test:  cossim the distance metric from the similarity between two probability distributions .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  return   cosine

test:  handles an input string for programmatic and install it with its file .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  to   up
truth:  return   return

test:  show directory or dynamically add .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  tests that system folders without gmail can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the string contained in the current branch .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   click
truth:  return   return

test:  get the logger for the current thread .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  get   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  send an notification email for the given object .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  send   email
truth:  renders   null

test:  use the rest api to return the base64 encoded text .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  to   unicode
truth:  null   a

test:  verify the stringify module is mode .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return the cloud storage repository .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  turn a dictionary of key/value pairs to a dictionary .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   word

test:  gets a directory specified by path and all directories .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  make   directories

test:  turns an alignment file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  coefficient -> boolean coefficient the coefficient coefficient carves where both the input and b are stored in the receive .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   x
truth:  return   return

test:  set the default phase flag .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a string in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format into a 9-tuple spapplicationsdatatype .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  serialize object to json object .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  like   encode
truth:  object   object

test:  return the stop job of the given job .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load given file from the given string .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  load   function
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create to require a single resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   post

test:  return the sql hash of the given string .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  randomly normal cumulative distribution from the sequences of theano variables .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  show   returns
truth:  initialize   a

test:  find executable by executable and executable to find a list of paths .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  remove files from file .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  file   file

test:  simulate memory usage in a particular center .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  simulate   a

test:  returns the results as a list of dictionaries .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  given   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  returns the full path to a file .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  performs   template
truth:  given   a

test:  set the base system to use for http connections .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  blend the image from disk .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  return   set
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a new hashing object .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function is easier to one of the gcd .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  create   null
truth:  is   null

test:  parameterize parameterize .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  print   null
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: pathignore publish pathignore tasks in pathignore mode .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   options
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the copy of colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create new methods for open the given options and updates a message with the given ordereddict .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  create   new
truth:  build   a

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  debugging   set
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  return true if the object is an abstract generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets up the path to the environment .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  create a single map from a list of complete data .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  work   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  returns the actionexecution of the parent of the parent arguments for the parent and return the parent of the parent .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  db   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch an object by name from the given request .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  fetches   data
truth:  pull   pull

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the dt in the current decimal format into utc datetime .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  given   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart all registered httpd .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  build an answer html file that will generate a list of the objects .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  create   build
truth:  build   a

test:  guess data into a file .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  read   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  extracts the current page from the page .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  list   list

test:  print the posted to the canvas dev to the user .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  redirects   null
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only load the module if the kernel is installed .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  load   works
truth:  work   work

test:  verifies that the target is admin .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the column name is not a column that has no delimiter columns when specifying the table .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   github
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of data .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   names
truth:  get   names

test:  logs a message with the given name .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function which ensures that build the metadata for the instance .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  ssh   information
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the given function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   map
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the dependencies of a set of slow using the slow algorithm .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric value to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  pack the data into a usable format .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  creates   percent
truth:  pack   pack

test:  checks if a git sha is a valid git sha .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  convert size in bytes to valid internal hash string .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  null   length
truth:  null   invariant

test:  create plot data from data .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  create an array of shape with a normal distribution .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this is a sequence of chunk because because this is just here to perform the albums on demand .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  null   null
truth:  post   post

test:  fetch a single figure to a plot .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  add   a
truth:  display   display

test:  calculates the square square set of given axis .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  indices   returns
truth:  sums   elements

test:  returns true if the given category is a letter category .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish the tests .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  publish   sphinx
truth:  to   null

test:  return the md5 hmac hmac 512 .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  queries   branch
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively yield all modules and ftplistdataparser .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  takes   load
truth:  yields   null

test:  return whether x is a iterator .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  a generator that yields the contents of a file from the repository .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  create   read
truth:  follow   a

test:  checks if the given file is in the given list of file names .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  files   files

test:  create a list of attributes of the specified function .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  restart a container .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   container
truth:  restart   a

test:  the datetime in the parallel .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  func   compile
truth:  return   parallel

test:  compute an relative url for the given key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the metadata versions of a namespace .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  build the inverse map for each inverse of the input barcode .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   a

test:  given one of the country codes from a country and a country code .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  given   one

test:  update or add manifest languages .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   set
truth:  update   update

test:  searches for first keys of text against the first keys dict .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  list   polynomials
truth:  search   keys

test:  clear background queue .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  replace   export
truth:  clear   background

test:  delete the calendar associated with the given calendar .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  shut down all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  helper function to insert a usable epoch to epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  pops   glob
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls active function if the result is active .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  queue view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  register a node as the appropriate page for a node .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  like   redirect
truth:  display   display

test:  create or create a connection with the given translation translation .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this is a helper function that initializes the nn .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   setup
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns a random alphanumeric hash of the specified string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  insert edit the file to the command .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  grab   script
truth:  file   file

test:  return a function that validates the given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  desired   get

test:  return a g_{n with a poisson network digraph with redirection digraph digraph breadth-first the digraph digraph digraph .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the python codec name corresponding to the given encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a json representation of the current axes .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets the service name .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  linear activation function .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  put   graph
truth:  order   order

test:  parses the creation of a date string by the occurrences of a date string .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   iso
truth:  upload   upload

test:  takes as input a file or a network .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the full versioned id for a resource .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generates the given sequence of image and label for the given images .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a list of tuples containing the given string with the given string and 1s .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  returns   module
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  get the arguments from the user .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  return   command
truth:  supports   null

test:  returns the unfulfilled content usage information for the specified user .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  builds   returns
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  write out configuration .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  run   run
truth:  setup   docs

test:  returns a value prepared to the database .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create and configure an anonymous anonymous .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the ansi long as a float .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  return   get
truth:  token   token

test:  get fast data by name .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  get   code
truth:  get   get

test:  validate and verifies a value of valid parameters value : object to check for option of or command .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  this function ensures that all the attribute present in the attribute dictionary will be occur by the attribute .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  transforms   fixes
truth:  converts   payload

test:  takes a list of dicts and converts it to a dict with the descending interface .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  is   null

test:  determines whether or not the given value is an extension pattern .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  clip   search
truth:  search   a

test:  add plugins plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check that pem_type .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  read   a
truth:  load   in

test:  compares the given expression against patterns according to unix patterns .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  read   null
truth:  using   filter

test:  language: the boundaries of the cost function .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  is   null

test:  create principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   principal

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  shifted   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return true if the given command is a command .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   access
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  create a list of tables which contains the given tables .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  generate a unique and different name for the given guid .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if a string is a pkiz token for text .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  text   check
truth:  if   null

test:  itemfield view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  report   view
truth:  display   display

test:  given a dictionary of key/value pairs .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  mangle the mako loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  attributes   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and global state and updates command with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  general video .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  merges   video

test:  this function is called right after the given signal .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  initialize   signal
truth:  null   initializer

test:  validates that the provided string is a valid eggs scope .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the values of the given failure .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parses   build
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse authorization http header into a dict .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list installed packages on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  function used to restrict required for certain tests .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  null   variant

test:  makes a autocovariance autocovariance .
truth: helper function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  collect collect context .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  files   page
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  returns a tuple of principal attempts to authenticate .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  processes   matching
truth:  create   a

test:  function to compute the absolute value of the input data .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  null   approximation
truth:  function   function

test:  principal components .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  register   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return true if the last code is using the controlling header .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  provides   version
truth:  return   return

test:  get the names of the instance .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make a view to a view .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  require   null
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  like   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of custom models for the given app .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   runs
truth:  returns   a

test:  create filtering that relates related to the given related instance this querys primary key for this version .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  filtering   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  given a vm status code and a string .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  null   try
truth:  map   map

test:  return the directory path for the given python locale .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the file modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the candidate directory path and to the configuration files .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  ends   setup
truth:  generate   a

test:  alias for read_local: reads the local cache .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  null   example
truth:  uses   uses

test:  converts a json node to the native node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a binary string to a sympy integer .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  active djangos-social-auth .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  replace   dfs
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  set values of given numba file .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  given   name
truth:  given   storage

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  trunc -> integer convert a datetime to an integer .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  strips   return
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  extracts package name from "pkg .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  see discussion .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  test   sizes
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   return
truth:  function   function

test:  set new warning if they are defined .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  creates the record and returns true if the decorated function matches the 1s 1s .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  register a person storage backend .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  release to release since git sitting .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  provide   copy
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  check   limit
truth:  limit   limit

test:  forces a utf-8 encoded string to utf-8 bytes .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  make   validate
truth:  to   try

test:  this is called just before building the test .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  null   method
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by millisecond .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   area
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  shutdown a domain to the system .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  send   a

test:  if you dont use the hgrid view .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  view   set
truth:  null   a

test:  list the versions for the given function and deploymentid cli example: .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  list the renderers loaded on the minion .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  return a key symbol for the given key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  returns   replaces
truth:  translate   a

test:  returns the security id .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the channels preferred time value .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  ensures that asserting a column in the system can be converted to the correct column .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  format   null
truth:  url   url

test:  return the commented adapter name .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a list of sizes from the cloud provider .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   cloud

test:  return a base 1d points for provided stride and groups .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  base   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of optimization .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the maximum size of a context .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  start the local cache .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  start   notify
truth:  debug   debug

test:  this wrapper will process a specific *file* or if any .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  null   options
truth:  run   program

test:  ensures that a file contains valid encoding and encoding .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  if   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  prints the diff dictionary .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  loads a module and retrieve the path to imp .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   alternative

test:  check that given list of indices are tuples .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  if   check
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains iterable parameters .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  show the associations associations .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   factory

test:  return full site list for this application .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a intersection of that exist in topologically from edges .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  clean up any temporary repos that need to be removed after the path .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  local otsus threshold value for each pixel .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  pop   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add new course enrollment to the list of data .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  add   add
truth:  append   course

test:  make sure we can read names when the table header by normal names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  input   check
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of the pattern that match the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use devices to connect to each of the devices in the database .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  to   dependencies
truth:  set   set

test:  given a python dtype of a python type .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  flag   a
truth:  powers   powers

test:  retrieve summary from a physical attribute .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  display   a

test:  add the units enabled in the unit registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  add   null
truth:  to   null

test:  runs pip on the initial status of pip .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  run   run
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements of partially the receive function .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the path to the app of the url .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a base64 encoded string from the file .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  naive naive function .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  evaluate   number
truth:  null   null

test:  init the logging callback to init the connection .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  find   logging
truth:  init   init

test:  test that temporary directory can be used as a test .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  cleanup   remove
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns a decorator that converts a function into a class or optionally create a class that can be used as a decorator that takes a function called by passing passing
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  to   print
truth:  to   hook

test:  find the given process and return the list of port port .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the first child of the data .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates a series of the specified params .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns utf-8 encoding of the supplied 8-bit string representation .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  converts   encodes
truth:  string   string

test:  performs arma correlation development development with arma neighbor font parameters probs0 : array_like the number of observations df_modelwc : array_like response ma : array_like coefficients for arma : array_like autoregressive
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  return the changeset status .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  name   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  del the named broadcast .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  release   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  clears the review review .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  convert list of numbers .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the client id from the scope .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  looks at the following httpnfclease .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  return all python modules cli example: .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the fourier function .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a contingency matrix for contingency matrix parameters x : array-like labels the number of labels the input matrix that will be automatically or labels .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  null   return
truth:  build   a

test:  return a dictionary with the keys of a dictionary .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  string   reverse
truth:  function   function

test:  find the index of an element from the given iterator .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  does   get
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  convert real matrices into numpy .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  null   byte
truth:  return   return

test:  does the access token with the given token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  build   access
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split the arguments string by positional and returns a list .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   a

test:  get the db ip .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  get   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  api: dispatcher for notification' .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  execute   send
truth:  send   send

test:  returns the group database result for a given group .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  lx lx exceptions .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  print   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  retrieves the info about the image and 'image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract all image objects from a fif file by egg .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  provide a unique identity function for each sympy expression .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  block   dimension
truth:  result   result

test:  install already on already in kivy .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  install   install
truth:  import   import

test:  sends the user to the given recipients .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  reports   null
truth:  send   auto

test:  get the generator for all tmux tmux configuration files .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  get   context
truth:  get   get

test:  short version of divmod .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check virtualbox additions additions additions .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  execute   form
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  make a polynomial of degree distribution .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  make   sample
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function for simulating xenapi actions .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  update weekly stats of the given dashboard with the given user_id .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  save   statistics

test:  differentiate polynomial f p to compute solutions p .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   square
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse the parameters .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   up
truth:  parse   parse

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test that download exit status code when blank requirements specified .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  null   text
truth:  download   download

test:  geometric average mean of the inputs between 0 and input .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  take   null

test:  converts datetime objects to local time in a datetime .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  accepts   converts
truth:  if   checks

test:  get an adapter status .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  displaying   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  remove proper formatting of the windows starcluster starcluster of rsa-sha1 rsa-sha1 .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  stop   summary
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decode a base64 encoded string .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  -   a
truth:  using   decoder

test:  return a list of the email addresses found in text .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a normal memoize decorator that ignores results in cache .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  is   null

test:  learner profile to staff .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  complete   view
truth:  render   render

test:  computes the scalar likelihood estimator .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   vectors

test:  initialize -> character array .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  set   filename
truth:  initializes   null

test:  get the entrypoint entrypoint .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  logs a elapsed .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  log   null
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  assign a random id to the list of used in postfix_expression .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  assign   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  resets the database to default .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  running   running

test:  get the encoding for an alias by a given list of aliases or none if the encoding ends .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert characters of a time .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  compose   null

test:  get all api keys for the given apiid and deploymentid cli example: .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  given   get
truth:  gets   information

test:  takes a list of dictionaries and returns the values of the first item in the list for the specified key .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   markdown
truth:  filters   a

test:  attempts to debug a message with the request .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   attempts
truth:  adds   a

test:  retrieve the inverse of epochs .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  calculates the coefficient and data array for the given array .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the nth moment of the lower triangle of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize a locale for the specified locale .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  normalize   current
truth:  format   a

test:  performs autoregressive lfilter took .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   nd
truth:  use   nd

test:  return indexing of indexing chunks .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  chunks   a
truth:  null   chunk

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if matplotlib has installed data .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  craft a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   craft
truth:  craft   a

test:  validate that namespace by name is in the namespace .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the configuration data that should be installed .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  this function is called to check if the scalars of three digits is not a .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  compares two arrays and b .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compare   a

test:  makes a flask response from a response object .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  construct   helper
truth:  null   factory

test:  helper function that checks the request and returns a list of catalog .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  function   neutron
truth:  get   service

test:  return a formatted date in iso 8601 format: yyyy-mm-dd .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  remove an configuration zone for a zone .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  show the value of a given name .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  handler for django .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  -   usage
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a pushover user .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  send   a

test:  build the test hover for the test .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  build   a
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   tixexfileselectbox
truth:  null   null

test:  set the root .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  header   sets
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at a single ratio .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   make_imbalance
truth:  test   test

test:  insert a database into a list of message .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  add   utility
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  control   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  setup the enocean component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  parses   indentation
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return a packages activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  reads an iterator of files in the list order .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   return
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the manifest of given path .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  truncate by w .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  truncate   return
truth:  truncate   window

test:  remove the named file .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run markdown from the logging mode .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   logging
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  set the current system layout cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   current

test:  this function is used to return a list of paths that were stored in a given directory .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  strip list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  to   run
truth:  strip   a

test:  able to be able to extract the raw whisper .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  return   null
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends a command to the process .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   runs
truth:  send   a

test:  return the dataset in this vmware environment .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  download an object from a file .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   return
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   one
truth:  outputs   one

test:  return the variance of the given list of values .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the confusion matrix .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the current course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  using the uuid .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  correction of normal assumes x is 1d or determinant parameters sigma2 : array estimate of the residual variance or determinant of the multivariate coefficients .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  multivariate   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  filters and filters - targets - filters to filters the number of targets - filters to filters with targets and targets .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  takes   compute
truth:  -   -

test:  build a class from a mapping of attributes to a specific name .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  setup a simple function that is not being stripped .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  upload a file to the s3 bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  upload   a

test:  function to ensure that the api doesnt have any api .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  build   set
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the kml kmz .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  max the repository repository repository repository repository is the repository repository repository repository repository repository .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  null   repositories
truth:  null   key

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  name   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  download the priority of a given ip or by a given target .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the list of unique elements in the given template .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  turn   null

test:  load an dependency plugins from the given plugins .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  load   load
truth:  named   load

test:  test that --outdated works .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  have   hermite
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  read ssh data from ssh .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  performs   return
truth:  read   read

test:  query a function or method with a query if called with the given name is not none .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  like   a
truth:  have   null

test:  test of and fix of seeds .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns the number of positive integer when given a string of positive integer .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   vispy
truth:  assert   assert

test:  verifies that the national number is present .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the contents of a single module .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  write   null
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check to see if a continuous query exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  given an object .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  return   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   version

test:  calculates the ellipse matrix with the ellipse distribution .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  return   sigmoid
truth:  draws   null

test:  used by renderingview to test the executing a ratelimit .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  processing   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all metadata belonging to the given users threads and return the difference between the given course output: .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  retrieve   metadata
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  list the installed versions of pyenv .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file names matching a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  if   return
truth:  get   get

test:  list the linux md5sum of linux cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   network

test:  convert the input array to predicted grid .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  function   stuff
truth:  create   a

test:  find the contents of the mkdir files .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   one
truth:  create   a

test:  a neighbor of ssh .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  extended   a
truth:  using   migration

test:  handle reproducible by captured_stdin .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extracts   information

test:  load an installed plugin type .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  load   windows
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata key for given server type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   tests

test:  fixture that returns a list of the current table of the sqlite => language .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  to   fixture

test:  return the python code for a given project .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   python

test:  lists the specified game by the specified token .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  use   use

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a new child group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the mdict item by comparing it with the given pair .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  retrieve   find
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if features is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  annotate a list of paths by os .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  determine if the point is a segment .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  returns all tasks whose values are the given task .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  resolve   null

test:  return the template string for a template .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  return   null
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a dictionary from a list of dictionaries .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  given the key for the alignment .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  abort   callback
truth:  return   a

test:  return the cartesian value of the boolean array .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wraps the session to determine if the specific location is configured .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  verify   helper
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a double integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  read ros handshake header from ros handshake header .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  read   in

test:  test that the logout is included out .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  make   test
truth:  logout   logout

test:  get the primary primary code at source time code .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   python

test:  default data type .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the given argument is xpath enough to the given argument .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  get http data .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  is   null

test:  merge one or more dictionaries into a single dict where each item is a dictionary .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute the contents of a dir and return it .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  generate   compute
truth:  given   a

test:  encode a string using base16 .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a cookiejar dict from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  deletes timings entities and entities from the datastore .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  retrieves   entities
truth:  stored   null

test:  initialize the console logging .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  coordinates in ipython .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  build   build
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  string   replaces
truth:  value   value

test:  get the number of single kernel parameters from a source image .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the given xml and parse the corresponding character .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  processes the value of a custom model .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  output   null
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  runs english on all theme objects .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  gets the list of directories to the list of users that are in the given dir .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test the correlation pooling function .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  test   compare
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  enable microsites on the startup .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller - used by s3siteautocompletewidget mobile buffer .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get the shortcut in the current template .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the url with the given alignments .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  extract   null

test:  retrieve authenticated user .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  to   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume type .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the demo covers .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  this function takes one of three set of %%-encoded and returns a set of sequences of the form .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test bistochastic test for bistochastic .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  check   check

test:  return the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  train a model that can be used to train a model .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  train   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  decorator to wait for the retrying attribute to be handled by the test to xor to the test .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  to   find
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert the stashed html to a string .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  extract   null

test:  helper for :py:func:parse_setup_cmd .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the url associated with the given url .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  sanitize   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns a mentions from the shared tag .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  extract   decode
truth:  find   find

test:  calculate the p-value backoff value based on the input backoff .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   timeout

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  finds the first or coordinates of mrg_randomstreams that will match the given data in the given coordinate .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  run   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  test the bad line option selected .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   application
truth:  test   line

test:  helper method for geometric mounted on subprocess .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  null   try
truth:  creates   null

test:  return image resized to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an iterator over the elements in a list .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the maximum number of non-zero elements .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of files in the given folder .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  return the cover page to the given opf .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compile a multi-line attribute using a regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  sets an http api version cli example: .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  verify   set
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve list of all modules from include-failed-builds: .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  gets the digit digit digit number for the given number .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return a new value to a variable .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  arrays   return
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   student
truth:  compute   information

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  compare the compares of two lists of baseline blocks .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compares   compare
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the quotas or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  save the migration to the given instance .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   system
truth:  save   migration

test:  run a command and return its commands .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  convert   add
truth:  to   null

test:  get document info and fallback info if it exists .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  if   updates
truth:  to   attempt

test:  this function checks if a file looks like a valueerror command in a specific file containing you want to run in a program .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  cleans out the current headers from the given response .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  ensures   up
truth:  remove   remove

test:  make sure the ast node is in a statement .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  patch   operators
truth:  patches   patches

test:  send e-mail when a user is created .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  make   a
truth:  send   send

test:  benchmark function of the nearest measure .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  measure   runtime
truth:  measure   measure

test:  wait for the specified process to become active .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefixes .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  redirect to a given document .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  verify   function
truth:  null   urls

test:  validates the response and raises an exception if it cant be a valid response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  validates   response
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute log likelihood of input image parameters x : {array-like the feature to log .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypts text ssh ssh key using the public key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  text   return
truth:  text   text

test:  fixture providing a computed file if found .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  change control inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  doing   null
truth:  received   messages

test:  test to see if a permission has a permission for property .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml string into a profileentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the minion is available .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  cache   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns whether a given entry is enabled .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  uninstall a task .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register sample function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit if they - optional arguments to pass .
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  task add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert two or more callables into their result .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered centered centered centered to the same aspect ratio .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  when installing from a number of gpu .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  maps   test
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts dict into a number of *seq* .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert text to bytes .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  return   str
truth:  string   string

test:  converts singular value to a different boolean array .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the path to the requested plugin .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  set   configure
truth:  null   plugins

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  modify the badge form in the value of genpareto to the current user .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  replace   updates
truth:  context   context

test:  test working_copy() with a branch .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints recording .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   puids
truth:  submit   null

test:  use line without indentation spaces .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  require a project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   formats
truth:  require   foo

test:  set the state to the state .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  overrides   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of all results of the given results .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  extended   a
truth:  get   get

test:  landing page for webclient .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  landing   null
truth:  null   page

test:  redirect to a given request .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the file does not end in the file or gigabytes of any of the file in the file .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check to see if the anchor matches it exists and is valid .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   html
truth:  reads   html

test:  check if object is a tuple .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  null   tags
truth:  function   function

test:  bind the given parameters .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  escapes   parameters
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the identity nodes of a graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  flow_stmt : small_stmts newline | small_stmts semicolon newline .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  sends an xml score to update score .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  send   callback
truth:  create   create

test:  get the sheet lists .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yields pairs of sequence .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  joins   null
truth:  like   itertools

test:  encode jose base-64 certificate .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   csr
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  return list of the preferred alias aliases .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  null   get
truth:  given   null

test:  returns an allowed view that can allowed given the provided plugins .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  n-dimensionally spatial sigmoid function :math:f(x)=(1 + exp)^{-1} .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  cross   cross

test:  set the path to the path .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  cublas : param .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  stream   shutdown
truth:  shut   null

test:  get a specific sm flavor .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   instance
truth:  get   a

test:  only load this module if all imports succeeded bin exists .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function to return the list of the detected template the right reader for the specified template .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  display   function
truth:  to   function

test:  dont start with the given directory .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  get the lock/unlock principal x list of squares x .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  project   print
truth:  return   return

test:  test for issue 257 .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  test   os
truth:  make   null

test:  connect to amazon machine process .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test the subdirectory .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  check   test
truth:  runs   a

test:  usage: {% hook_output .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  import   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the provided data from a url .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  called   authentication
truth:  load   load

test:  workaround for display .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return my update or just the configuration files upgrade : none upgrade specific number cli example: .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the contents of the named file cli example: .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  read   read

test:  transform dict passed into a sequence of tuples .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  named   add

test:  sends email to a task .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  email   email
truth:  context   context

test:  parameters iterables : theano tensor to be converted to iterables : theano .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a this utility tag representing the rpm version of a rpm image .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the interactive status for interactive python installation .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  return the parameters from the t t of the file .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  download   download

test:  does the node represent a tuple .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  check   null
truth:  does   null

test:  removes requests that the user is ready to be ready for a child .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  make   remove
truth:  update   update

test:  get the unique line from the word .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the given flags is update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  load   wrapper
truth:  get   a

test:  emulate the template_string template_string into a file .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  this function performs a command on a specific matrixsvg .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  command   command

test:  compose a query of the one-dimensional newton - q around a newton newton - x .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the path to the user dir .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  return   return

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   metagenomeseqs
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  computes the paired distances between x and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  this function takes the packet and l{iresponse} the necessary edge and returns the proxies that is the receive neighboring neighboring not the packet .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  computes   find
truth:  to   null

test:  create setting of setting if the way should be a setting with masked values .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  returns true if the input is related to the weather .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a storageuri .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  loads the predictions and match the labels from the labels .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  retrieves   labels
truth:  pads   null

test:  write the summary line from a file .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  write   fake
truth:  write   a

test:  determine if a procedure is a gcode file or text .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator that converts an exception to a filter:: adapter .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  solves   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  a helper method to check spam spam spam .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  forces   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  the temporary c c protocol for translations .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  set   set
truth:  apply   apply

test:  convert an rois object to rois within network inputs .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  return   training
truth:  converts   converts

test:  same as sleep but for a specific predicate .
truth: like common . 
test:  does   failure
truth:  like   like

test:  returns the first root of the command .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure the given cache cluster is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator to define two length signature .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  define   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get_init indicate that a table of different groups are different .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  null   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  ensure that the unicode unicode will accept unicode objects .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  turns a cursor into a cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  return   a
truth:  work   work

test:  render the cookies page as 403 .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  denied   file
truth:  null   a

test:  parse the current log statement .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  parses   a

test:  connect a message to a function .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  add a new note to the firebase note that it exists .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  check   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  updates a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  get vector3 path from paths .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts a string to a native string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  solves the parametrized quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a resource_type by name and resource type .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the title or a url to the given title if the title is present .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of message providers .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  convenience function to check if a tenant exists and if the tenant was specified .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  if   create
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an internal id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sends an xml element to the writable .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about the vlc object informations of the vlc object emitting the message and the message location within the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   vlc
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  return a network string get autodiff id from network or iterable .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  perform   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a file .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   slug
truth:  template   template

test:  retrieve the resource type for a given extrapolate .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  get   resource

test:  attempt to remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  normalize a path to a file .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return test set of hosts and translate tests to foo .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  performs   verifies
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add to threads from the point to threads from the point to the point .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  switch apps in branch .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  takes   frappe
truth:  switch   switch

test:  shutdown a running system with the given time .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  send a delete request to the context .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  send   a

test:  helper function for sorting this function validates an addition .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  we get here from the last modification .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the user for a set of paths .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  takes   test
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the file paths recursively which have the nearest paths of the file paths .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get publisher driver driver module .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   publisher
truth:  get   publisher

test:  returns true if and only if regular node is a distance distance .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a tab tab with the page .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the instances that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls the decorated decorator .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  verify that the gpg text file exists .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  verify   start
truth:  verify   a

test:  return the geometric transform of the geometric mapping .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  function   find
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if key exists .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   check

test:  rename an account .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  equivalent to calling :func:add .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  validate   frequency
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   a

test:  create a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  adds --run-without-docker .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  null   page
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  retrieve info on a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  set   info
truth:  null   a

test:  to be created from doc and emit a docstrings for those capable using the docstrings of the httpbadrequest .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  test that the basics gl backend works .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   app

test:  generate a list of sequences of samples .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   control
truth:  generate   generate

test:  modify the git state from git .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  initialize   returns
truth:  clear   null

test:  yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  yields   a

test:  convert a time in seconds to category/package since the epoch .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  iterator over all nodes in the given directory .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  given   null
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return the value of disk devices of disk devices .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   disk

test:  creates a directory .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   checks
truth:  creates   a

test:  make sure that any record in the middleware list is valid .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  build   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process the xml element by side loop .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  stop   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a dictionary with notifications since the notifications since the keys passed in lists of notifications and notifications .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  imports an object given its absolute object name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   return
truth:  object   object

test:  decorator to use automatic memoization on a given test .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a list of datastores to use in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  lists   mark
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   current

test:  return true if the search is a search term .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  put   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders the template and fires the template .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  url existing use of misc .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  =   =

test:  return the sum for a project .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert attribute to a list of attributes .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  run commands on a remote host .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  starts   ssh
truth:  run   run

test:  usage: lx decode-url httpresponseredirect .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  retrieve   history
truth:  display   display

test:  set the representation of a given array .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  transforms   returns
truth:  get   tris

test:  school types: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  create listeners on a virtual instance .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   listeners
truth:  create   listeners

test:  returns: the python source file name .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  solves of discrete lyapunov equation using the zero lyapunov .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  check   color
truth:  test   test

test:  check that 3 ways of function is a precision .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator that ensures that the decorated function is added to the function and preserving the result of a function .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  func   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  shortcut for popen .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  attempt to find the __init__ file in the given directory .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user to database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  wait for the element to be either active or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clear the registry .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  makes the egl .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate an input file as a binary file .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  writes   summary
truth:  generate   generate

test:  execute python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  port   split
truth:  assert   assert

test:  merges installing from the database .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  starts   redirects
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  build a nx2 list of every class .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets a fixed ips from the values .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  helper for flattening of parsing indexing -> dict .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register keystoneclient connection .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  adds multiple characters in a given payload to bypass several characters tested against: * microsoft sql server 2000 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  warn all files that are not available .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  return a share service that matches the service .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes a grep line from the goto file .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  check   expand
truth:  called   null

test:  remove doc root variable from root .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  strip   remove
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an unused port on localhost on a given port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml copy of a dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  split the directory path into a filename .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  null   split
truth:  get   get

test:  cert_name to a direct client .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the number of a ternary value for a given sql .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  null   value
truth:  value   value

test:  helper method for handling the list of fields that are not attribute .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of expressions to be used in a sun expression .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start the home assistant server .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   home
truth:  start   start

test:  return the *locale codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a migration or raise if it does not exist .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  context   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  regression test for url#issuecomment-101821641 .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   rechunking
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  create a hash of dictionaries .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  host   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  append append to the end of the payload .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  adds   generic
truth:  complete   null

test:  perform a fnunpickle check on the given string .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  function   apply
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  create an elementtree server certificate from a given desktop certificate .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   returns
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  test that new config can be added to the expected result .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup as sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  install   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the prefix for system metadata type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the inverse of the cdf from the normal distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorrelation decorrelation = estimating returns decorrelation information .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  null   spatial
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  convert a boundaries array into a numpy array .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  send an event with a get_html .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  emit   events

test:  test unicode axes view .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  completes the prefix of the given prefix .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  check   completion
truth:  null   completion

test:  ask for a show to open file .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   prefix
truth:  ask   null

test:  validating validating tests that need to be username for this script .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  run   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses the json-encoded port and returns a tuple of .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  import and return a module to a string .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  convert value to theano whenever we want to py_hash_t .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  convert   mean
truth:  value   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  search for python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  generate   results
truth:  searches   python

test:  returns true if p is algebraic and correct prefix .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the current user url for the given user .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  format   tables
truth:  default   default

test:  retrieve a string from the e .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  see   null
truth:  leading   strip

test:  parse *text* or lead using ftp dict .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  load   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  logs a sql expression .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  stream   check
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a html tree of a html tree format into a dict of things .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   attributes
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the hub class corresponding to the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  breaks a string into an ascii list .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  code   format
truth:  null   null

test:  compute autocovariance number of sample threads in place parameters hist : 1-d array with correspond to be converted in image number of workers in image times .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  compute   data
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a private secret from the contents of a given secret file .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  returns   log
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns true if all access to the specified key can be updated .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for issue killed .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   conversion
truth:  test   a

test:  send http request to the received api .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  request   scan
truth:  make   null

test:  checks whether a string is a decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the file directly dynamically .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   modules

test:  kruskal return false if data is not installed .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  shutdown   representer
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  return elements of seq[i] with func score; .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the uri and including the prefix from a path .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  strip   strips
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return partition information from installed version cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   add
truth:  return   a

test:  read node file from a fif file .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  compute   comment
truth:  evoked   read

test:  check the configuration of the repository exists .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  if   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a caching decorator that allows arbitrary pure pure .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  builds a dictionary representing the nodes in an expression .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  build   null
truth:  function   function

test:  makes this plugin non-gcable :type cls: class :rtype: dict .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  disables   decorator
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach a queryset counter counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  options nit : int .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  marks   alpha
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  make a human-readable file .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  return   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decode a raw data .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  decode   helper
truth:  base64   base64

test:  set the analyze file to fetch and cache the temporary image args: check_string : the location of the original prime returns: none if present .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   style
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  null   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the date in the given date .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   day

test:  pad an iterable to the writable point .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  tokens   a
truth:  pad   pad

test:  creates an __eq__ __eq__ .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  config   wrapper
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm service prompt section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  complete   request
truth:  null   null

test:  return true iff domain a domain-matches domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the media position where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   movie
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as not b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all documents .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to run a module in a local directory .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  encode the given input using the base64 input .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encodes   parses
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get open anonymous anonymous anonymous cart cart .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  creates   open
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  return the id of the current process .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  return   code
truth:  return   return

test:  nice -> string return a nice version of s .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  string   bing
truth:  null   representation

test:  returns the number of bytes used for way: runtime .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  string   a
truth:  remove   html

test:  generates the data for a binary data set of emails .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  non-blocking common attributes: using system .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  run   wrapper
truth:  get   memory

test:  is top_cfg top_cfg .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  compare   returns
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function that may be used with function implementations .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  list   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the warning records for the current thread .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given the system point .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   null

test:  parse authorization grant header into a tuple of authorization commands .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate wrapper using shelve .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse the list of parameters from the list of class .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a value from the wsgi environment as a wsgi environment variable .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  read epochs as epochs .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   read
truth:  function   function

test:  function to check if a file exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  extract a parses statement from the command line .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  mean squared logarithmic error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <mean_squared_log_error> .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  squared   mean
truth:  squared   mean

test:  returns equation for rectangular rectangular points .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  file   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   null
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get the list of published entries from the given feed .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  list   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  tell whether each list is a list of sequences .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  divides   a

test:  return the sortkey object for a python object .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  sorting   key

test:  return the xdg directory that created this file .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set selling based on settings .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   default
truth:  set   price

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  check if the given html was loaded correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  test   compare
truth:  check   check

test:  test that an existing user is not invalid .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  config   null
truth:  config   config

test:  return the volume type for a profile .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  retrieve   query
truth:  determines   null

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a string containing a whitespace and a string .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   uid

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   maximum

test:  set up the concord232 alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register an canonical role name .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieve host groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the list of jobs that need to be used by this page .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  get   a

test:  install some installation installation version if installed .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  install   install
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform basic auth versions .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   jedi
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the title of the current axis to *s* .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  raise exception if lms is available .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  retrieve a remote selected interface from a remote remote host .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  function   function
truth:  files   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid fns .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   null
truth:  puts   null

test:  rfc-2822 -> string return a copy of the string path .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  function   one
truth:  null   implementation

test:  remove tags associated with the specified resource ids .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  run commands on an executable encoding .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  to   structure
truth:  command   command

test:  test that the part of numpy .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  test that exception helper function raises an exception .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  handle   stack
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test rotated of clickableimage .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   indexing
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to require a non harden .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a ** b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  take the output of a requested metric and converts it in the same time .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should extract a single step into a single step .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  install a "package" from iis if the given module is given to the container parent directory .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: zulip notify zulip plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:blame plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   null

test:  transform the flat filename into a tar_file function .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   cosine
truth:  mixed   null

test:  return the canonical path for a resource .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generates all overlap overlap table overlap with the given prefix .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  signal to create a profile .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  create   new
truth:  make   null

test:  return a dict of the run configuration configuration values .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the group id to the group id on this system .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  validate   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  this function converts a maybe time to a maskdef time .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the path for a sheet .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  change   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a wsgi application .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  a wrapper around param .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  null   timestamp
truth:  noop   noop

test:  mimic working keyname .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of paths parent directories for current user .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  returns   system
truth:  return   a

test:  update the quotas for a tenant quota .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function jn(z) .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bessel

test:  remove all tasks from the task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  deferredgenerator a function that returns a deferred that will not be used by the failure to parse the command line .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   echo
truth:  run   pylint

test:  send a email to the users email address .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  given   a

test:  merge the solution in a solution .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  merge   variance
truth:  is   null

test:  this method is used to make the map prefixes into a .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  ensures   handle
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  it will check each standard location details are found in the hierarchy hierarchy .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return drawn with given file path or reading reading .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   test

test:  test if the matplotlib weights can be set .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given a search search .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  fetch the ami ami for the given instance .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  deletes   k
truth:  null   nodes

test:  gets the path to the appropriate migrate for this minion .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  searches the value of the constant with the given arguments .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  split   decorator
truth:  substitute   a

test:  return a list of hosts for the named host within the given cluster .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if given directory is up to be monitored by one of any given file .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  null   up
truth:  return   return

test:  this generator is the same as the overall overall .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  produce the value of the form of a dictionary .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  converts   prompt
truth:  left   null

test:  execute a file or a filename .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  content   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  display an error message and mac if the given parent body body is raised .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run a python module in the given directory .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  to   package
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns true if the database should be compressed .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  checks to see if user exists .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  back up the git repository .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  pollute   set
truth:  runs   runs

test:  ldflags ldflags wrapper .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  to   app
truth:  extract   a

test:  sample from a reason .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  sample   randomly
truth:  samples   samples

test:  removes a cred_id from a tenant .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  null   dispatcher
truth:  null   handler

test:  create a devicerecord parameter string .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  create   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  return the list of the list of reservations that are available .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  orphaned   get
truth:  report   report

test:  the javascript code for xmodule functions .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  code   run
truth:  set   up

test:  return the native type from a range header .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  send   a
truth:  return   range

test:  test various invalid matrix exponential function .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  pack a list of bits into a string .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  float   failure
truth:  convert   a

test:  validate the value if the variable is not equal to the musicbrainz .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  function   convert
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the available services .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager that creates a temporary directory cwd the path to change the path to the context manager .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a connection object .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  get the logger .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  create   method
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to find the torrent .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  return   properties
truth:  find   torrent

test:  performs binary search on the device .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  configuration state of the requirements config file .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  load   null
truth:  write   null

test:  function generated expression objects which escapes the sympy objects .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   expr
truth:  function   function

test:  get the mac address assigned to the pci file .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  list zones or enabled on the zone .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  return   sparse
truth:  list   everything

test:  create an image that renders the given figure .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   version

test:  get the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a scalar function .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  null   options

test:  parse a date/time format and return the base64 date .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if filename can be a zipfile return false .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  see   null

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  same as twisted .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  things to recursively handles the first one of the discussion modules .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  create   create

test:  ordereddict ordereddict in yaml dump .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  null   standard
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns the synset distance between the given distance distance .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert an iterable of keys into a more node .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return the ticks in the format to the given date .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  return   datetime

test:  reload the storage policy from config file into parsed policy .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  parse   hook
truth:  null   policies

test:  validate that the device to validate the partition already exists .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  ensure   null

test:  subscribe the namespace to the cherrypy engine .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  config   handler

test:  commits a transaction to the system unless it is in a given managed .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  require   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  this function converts a list of ints to a string of ints not used internally by the test_server suffix with the reason .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   candidate

test:  main function :return: none .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to require an instance .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a dictionary containing the information for the named file descriptor .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the current user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the given uri or iri to a uri uri .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   url
truth:  convert   a

test:  temporal 3d normal cosine padding of a 3d tensor with "left_pad" padding .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  run   k
truth:  pad   pad

test:  test that distances are correctly within a version version .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  same as q .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  copy   helper
truth:  restricts   null

test:  for sending email to the system .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  email   null
truth:  sending   sending

test:  saves the widget to the widget .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  gets the task details for this process .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  raise an exception if there is no error in parallel at least one of the configuration file .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  return   point
truth:  error   error

test:  add c*x**i to a term .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  put the message in sent to the style_dir .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  null   step
truth:  null   i

test:  given a uri .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  do   register
truth:  look   up

test:  check if the given command and can be ignored .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  if   up
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  return the file number of the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  purge all fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   download
truth:  purge   null

test:  convert a binary string to a native bytestring .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  float   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  takes a soundcloud connection and adds it to the trust database .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  token   build
truth:  build   auth

test:  get a random unix time on unix by running random .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  output   get
truth:  get   a

test:  set the given properties on an instance instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  update   set
truth:  set   set

test:  gets the list of keys that can be passed with the given lexical .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  reads images from file .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   read

test:  delete a volume .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   volume
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the intersections of the given object .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the number of artifacts in multiplier between two base .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  to   copies
truth:  null   calculation

test:  update user location in memcached .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  update   user
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  if   subprocess
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers registers registers a function to be called when an unhandled method is called .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  registers   register

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  selects   a

test:  add a new .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a given pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  return the magic string used for generating chunks .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  retrieve all the given course ids from the given collection .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  this returns a list with all the daily crossing .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  produces the input value for a given period of bytes .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  string   compile
truth:  null   parts

test:  open a locates from a file .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   filename
truth:  open   a

test:  determine if a path is entirely inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  uninstall a package with its name cli example: .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  installed   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  issue #32 describes how if a non-existent view has an extension .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  null   null

test:  displays a string .
truth: print line . 
test:  function   filter
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the given review groups is valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  validates ipv6 addresses .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   data
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate legacy flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  caches --> characters from url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  do   file
truth:  create   a

test:  update the value of data .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a space separated string to a scope value .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  access   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  calculate the signal that is used from the order of the order not in the order given by lag .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  order   order

test:  execute the [boolean edits to the current jinja2 .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  context   iterator
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse an http authentication token into a dict .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  template   template

test:  reset the cached data for the given connections .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  reset   try
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  determines if the given directory has a definition of mne c .
truth: aux function . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  function   function

test:  log error message at error level .
truth: log os . 
test:  error   method
truth:  log   os

test:  copy function or returns a function that will be used .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  copy   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to dictionary .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the string with the route .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  compute score loss from prediction probabilities .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  null   fit
truth:  compute   compute

test:  tests if the command exists based on the host for the provided host .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a non-nan .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   duration

test:  optimization to convert from local variables to the scalar .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  null   join
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the image in the half-open opacity .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  sets   path
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a doctest .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  gives   method
truth:  null   a

test:  parse one of the message from a string and return it .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  transform the given python definition to the given definition .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  to   return
truth:  maps   maps

test:  convert a string in bytes to bytes in canonical format .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  converts   formats
truth:  take   a

test:  open or create database at path given by *file* .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given list of language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup current app for app .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  setup   restore
truth:  setup   setup

test:  zero or prevents .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  text   null
truth:  converts   v

test:  helper function to use the communication layer .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  set   configuration

test:  tests retrieving a full api function .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  make   null
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  return   metadata

test:  the draft form view that is available for the user .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  registered   assume
truth:  create   a

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  mount   a

test:  given the exit code of the original queries .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  block   store
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse the asdl from a key-value pair of get_remote_data .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  add |prefix| for nilrt nilrt .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  logging   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  list the names of all environment definitions cli example: .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create matrix with order differences and order elements .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  create   create

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   up
truth:  build   up

test:  create and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the binary file from the given filepath .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  file   prompt
truth:  function   function

test:  finds the representation of a given object .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  null   sparseblockouter
truth:  null   null

test:  test if the filter contains isoinfo .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  update   copies
truth:  execute   null

test:  run half of all tests .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  running   one
truth:  run   flake8

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  moving   series
truth:  null   momentum

test:  attach a block storage volume name server to build cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  set up the current feature if requested .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cotangent .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  resets nodes fakedrivers node list .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   fakedrivers
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  return final status of a list of statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return path to current transaction .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  search   search

test:  tests if we can skip tests with a module level .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  create a class that will return a mock for the application .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  display   connection
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  provides   null

test:  get the list of interface ids for this interface .
truth: given a server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get small path to work on windows .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  rename the database to the db .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  test   test

test:  accepts a json as json string as json and as a json string .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  render   a
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make the specified debugger .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  return the value for a users account .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  function   function
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and private key required by a common api .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   certificates
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  calculates latest and fake avatars .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   swap
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  returns a handle to the entez database .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  post   a

test:  return the cohort for the specified cohort .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  load the indicated web browser settings .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a thumbnail thumbnail remote with the given thumbnail .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  creates   calls
truth:  create   a

test:  main function to run the main function on some consecutive .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  run   parses
truth:  ensures   null

test:  compiles fnclex library .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  look   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  returns an entry containing the list of tags that can str the given model .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  resolve   attributes
truth:  given   a

test:  angle angle in the future .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  builds   null

test:  return an open chunk of given queryhistory object .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   samples
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for tasks and milestones .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a csr that resets the constituent data .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the given language is an admin .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the list of ports and their types from the server .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  get   get

test:  search the environment variable from the environment variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  read   set
truth:  get   get

test:  all the manifest data from a directory .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  extract   create
truth:  archive   sources

test:  convert colors in ansi string to colors .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  remove the root page from the root to a file .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  signal   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes old db .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  delete   up
truth:  removes   null

test:  converts a string to a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  bytes   bytes
truth:  to   convert

test:  compare function from a key with a lower key .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether or not the given patterns is in the list of patterns with patterns from the patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  if   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  setup the users ssl config files .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  move   move

test:  read all the config from the config file .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  reads   override
truth:  read   read

test:  check if the number of all items have valid .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the specified course .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   cohort
truth:  return   return

test:  given a string and a dictionary of items .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a subscription to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns the auth string from the http body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the build file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  count   count

test:  redirect to a new user .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the minkowski distance between the vectors in the minkowski distance matrix and y .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  make the same output from raw .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  substitute   null

test:  yield tracebacks .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  iterates   return
truth:  return   return

test:  raises skiptest if given object is not attrs .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  updates the list of epochs with the given epoch .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  update   file
truth:  prepare   null

test:  sort a list of dictionaries by sorting into a single digits .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sorting   boolean
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   receiver
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  get current idle :return: the current time zone :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   current
truth:  displays   null

test:  global function to create a new node .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  add   null
truth:  register   a

test:  parse ac/dc data .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert a long integer to a binary string .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  null   data
truth:  use   use

test:  start the scheduler to the distributed datastore .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  start   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume snapshot .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns a prompt for the current timestamp with the provided time .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  return   method
truth:  to   tokens

test:  return a list of the vms that are managed by the provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if r is gamut .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  updates a reverse exceptions that have no scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  given   a

test:  extracts the interaction from the new line checks .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  this function ensures the current set of geojson output was executed .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  export   version
truth:  create   create

test:  this is meant to write loops to disk .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  download   reverse
truth:  write   a

test:  take a 1-norm of matrices and return for a standardized periodogram .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  control   guess
truth:  solve   real

test:  which the person general organisation used for creating a person .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   tables
truth:  null   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the [elementwise] value of a and b .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: stash generates stash results .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   text
truth:  null   stash

test:  returns a review board request or a review object .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  indices   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  get the site with the specified site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  add   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a url to clone the tool shed repository .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  list all the configured rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  flatten a nested sequence .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  iterator   lists
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return system info cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  display   get
truth:  return   system

test:  fixture that ensures that the default groups will be created .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  read   generic
truth:  creates   null

test:  fake function to sleep the number of seconds that can generate some time .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  generate   change
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  create python service on a local machine .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  join the input urls into a list of urls .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  takes   url
truth:  joins   a

test:  checks that an object is a string .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  return   x
truth:  null   a

test:  builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  use volumes to calculate the distance matrix .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  output   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix cosine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run the list of commands on all node in the given task .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   tasks
truth:  run   run

test:  uninstall one or multiple messages from a app .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  remove   reader
truth:  remove   app

test:  calculates the coefficient the modal of the values of the data .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  function   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a url from the given path .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  removes   everything

test:  serialize and returns a pickle object .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return a boolean indicating that the file-like object is available for the specified images .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  update   vals

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  null   urls
truth:  null   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive f1 .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   difference
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test one line with a dot line .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  filters the list(set()) for the given record .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get the error from the current repo .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks for percentage of indentation spacing .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  logs   logs

test:  subtract labeled polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  processing   polynomial
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  retrieve raw features from csp .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  string   configuration
truth:  to   method

test:  create and return an ssh management url for monit .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  ssh   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively traverse all filenames and extracts the filenames for a given directory .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  does   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  gets the list of registered trophy when the given trophy .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager that creates a temporary directory of temporary directory .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   new
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a native difference of the minimum difference between two values .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks that the given path is a valid attribute .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  retrieves the difference of the string as a list .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  gets a list of packages that have been replaced with the given search .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  does a get request on the given uri .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  does   a

test:  return the answer status for a problem .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  assert   step
truth:  have   null

test:  factory that is called from the information on a configuration file .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  to   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  define a task expression that takes arbitrary prefix and returns an actual prefix .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper function to get tab tab tab tab .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  look   function
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  extract all html from text .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  copy   html
truth:  if   check

test:  validates that pack name is not a valid pack name .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  add a type into the given file for the given vmwareapisessions .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  return   volume
truth:  add   a

test:  handle the contents of the python file .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  write   null
truth:  content   content

test:  send insert into table into table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  add   send
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get a list of the delete sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  repeat calls to repeat .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  requires   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  check that the given value is a mailchimp api .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  parse   callback
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  create the size of the default size .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the project tree from the pants tree .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  url   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  install and save the list of locally .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   install

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  creates   generate
truth:  return   a

test:  format an error message into a response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   iterator
truth:  format   format

test:  convert the state of the state for each state this entry .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  guess   player

test:  check that distances can be created from a getmore distance to the final distance distance .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  test   url
truth:  check   check

test:  process the message if necessary .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  takes   display
truth:  if   a

test:  function that validates the value of a field .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  check   value
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute the salt-ssh system .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  publish   commands

test:  this function takes a class or a model object and returns its corresponding non-existent object .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  verbose   null
truth:  converts   back

test:  factory function for creating a simple test run before : .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  header   up
truth:  return   distribution

test:  decorator that only allows one instance of the decorated function to be called .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  helps   null

test:  delete given limit from the limit .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure that the expected log of expected value is true .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  given a string .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  input_bytes   null
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  find the icondata .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a word-wrap function that preserves existing lines of a :term:view function .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  return a collection to a collection .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   method

test:  dumps the contents of a schema .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  close   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  this decorator takes a user and deconvolves to 2 .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  make an argument to an argumentparser .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the private key of a private key and assign it to the private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a networkx distance between the minimum non-singleton linkage and the outputs .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete a user cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  get networks hosts config hosts .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  decorator to compute the elementwise of the execution of the file in blocked mode .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  to   calculate
truth:  null   decorator

test:  extract integer from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to indicate that the api supports the response .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  to   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  proposed proposed linear unavailable unavailable .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  null   object
truth:  computes   null

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  inspects   cleanup
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  load a file-like object .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  return   normalize
truth:  lock   a

test:  injects the promo links to show up the list of tuples of links .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a list of bytes to a list of bytes .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  create ellipse mean and private mean along a ellipse .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  create   init
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a command and read the output as yaml .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   pillar
truth:  execute   null

test:  extracts the value of a positive integer .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a recent paragraph string into a counter paragraph .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  return a dict with keys of newline replaced with the given object .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  perform   replace
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  prompt if the preferred preferred server .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  stop   get
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  this function takes a list of lists of iterable .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   batches

test:  given an iterable of taxes .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  added   stack

test:  runs flask module and retrieve the result of each file .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  files   files
truth:  walk   null

test:  ensure that we can compile valid keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  delete a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  this should run the tests if the input payload is not set to be automatically after the test .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates a library index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   signal
truth:  updates   course

test:  solve a username/password value .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  salts   color
truth:  compute   compute

test:  build the module cix the given module .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns tasks tasks by id .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  return   data
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the mindays for the client before the password expires .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when given a wrong input .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add rotation path to plane .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  profile   add
truth:  simplified   add

test:  [file_name for the line and returns a new column that has an actual list .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  helper function to get an user email from an identifier or identifier .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  for numbers 1-9 .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  coerce   a

test:  returns a generator of the nodes of a directed graph .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates the sequence of order n .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  change random chars of the string to upper case .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   test

test:  see if input .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  null   variance
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  read enabled node zones from the instance .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   content
truth:  return   return

test:  this convenience convenience convenience quickly quickly need to fix types .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  -   null
truth:  -   -

test:  perform forward to be used for testing the state functions .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  execute   send
truth:  output   output

test:  create a private ip for a linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere model that either supplied model .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   check
truth:  making   test

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  return the information on the working modules .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  return   work
truth:  list   list

test:  basic indexing with indexing .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  clear all cache for all cache entries .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  cache   metadata
truth:  clear   null

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  this will split the number of instances into a single *n* using the train lists arguments: instances : array-like .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  find   n
truth:  split   split

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  save   object
truth:  to   try

test:  get xml element by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filters out apis list from the list of api names .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  copy the provided dict to a new location .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  copy   state
truth:  null   decorator

test:  read a record in a compass file .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: least trigger non-parametrised builds of build failure .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a security name from the system name of the state to delete a pair of the state from enrollment of the state .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  groupmeans a complex with complex .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the required options and can be changed .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validate   returns
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test that genextreme works with no warnings gives no column .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a project and joins the current project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  calculates the harmonic mean of the given axis .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value length is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a vnc console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  unshelve   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check the clusterer value of the dataset with the given name pattern .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   compute
truth:  check   check

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  view function that displays all complete password messages .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  convert a 2d numpy array to the right rgb .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  to   rgba

test:  retrieve a python connection object from a specific type .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  dumps   method
truth:  null   python

test:  create a table metadata .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  null   a

test:  gets a preferred interface or layer3 of current cluster .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  create   commands
truth:  list   list

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   null
truth:  inplace   row

test:  function to check if a specific database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  test   check
truth:  parse   parse

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   equality
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  renders a certificate template as an ordereddict .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  context   page
truth:  picks   picks

test:  iterate over all pairs of a character .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  serializes -> json object this function encodes a json object .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  verbose   equivalent
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the random expressions of expr in expr form .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of eventrenderers to show for current deployment .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new consumers of the given topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  resizes the partition that was located on the outputs .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  resizes   function
truth:  resizes   null

test:  compute fractional moment moments for each delta .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   logging
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  parallel fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   fastica

test:  finds all of the django settings in the given settings .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  detect   setup
truth:  try   try

test:  setup an eeg info file extension .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  add   information
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   pointer
truth:  null   pointer

test:  this will remove timeline .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  function to check whether or not we represent fp in fp .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  if   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of data that occur from a particular list of jobs .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   json

test:  combines the list of games into one big player sequence containing the games of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  combines   a

test:  see if there is injection call which be run on a +r sensor .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list the file at url :return: an absolute url .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  url   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all metric in this vmware environment .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  query   query
truth:  to   query

test:  set the obey api to access via the aoa command .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  make   frequency
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  moving   average
truth:  null   null

test:  utility function that remove the tags from the database .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  decorates   column

test:  allow the default connection to support reduction .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  function   url
truth:  support   support

test:  return an iterator over all example workflows .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  test the fix fix {% if the gradient/jacobian .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   a
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for openshift .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the list of the names of the given tag .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  list   try
truth:  return   a

test:  outputs the tuple .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  throw   function
truth:  prints   a

test:  removes root root directory from the cassandra .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get a service name for use with callers information .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  return   null
truth:  display   display

test:  change the "legacy" module by the name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  return   function
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns true if the current configuration is a true .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return python module string evaluated in cross-platform .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   python

test:  returns the current targets for this request .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  set the current device to start at boot cli example: .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   set
truth:  boot   boot

test:  create a dsym file from the specified image .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   enrollment
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test to make sure volume colors to colors .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  test   hosts
truth:  reading   reading

test:  helper function that take a dict of arguments passed into a single argument .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  like   like

test:  extracts the visible devices from the subprocess .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  map   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  extract data from a json file .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return the rotation recursively float degrees .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function can be called from a cookie cookie .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  convert   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  will join cosine cosine cosine cosine list .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  change   null
truth:  null   conversion

test:  check if a string represents a binary string .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  filters element items in a given list with matching items .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  generate   generator
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile an ir function by calling a library .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  return the hook value for a given name .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  retrieves   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return the pantsrefs link for each page .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  save list of disk files to disk .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   signal
truth:  save   null

test:  test whether a path is a regular file .
truth: same as os . 
test:  null   code
truth:  null   null

test:  automatically assigns user to access id .
truth: update request . 
test:  to   object
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a configuration .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  to   null
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  gets the channelservicestub instance from the api proxy stub map .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  decorator that ensures that the user is policy this decorator allows to access the policy to the policy .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  check   policy

test:  do any data to the json file .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  get the layer height .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validate groupby fields as a list of standardized fields .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  makes a consumer to the auth info endpoint for a request .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return the random number of words .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  this returns the snippet of the scenario that has been added to the given .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  forcibly get a string or unicode object .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create a version string for the given version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  add   print
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  this is for measure .
truth: returns np . 
test:  return   encoding
truth:  returns   np

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run system tests if were running as of pip .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  draw the value in a batch .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute whitener minimum variance for dpss class .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  create a codeobj class by applying a module to a dict .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid require .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find the rewriterule from the source decomposition of source .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  matching   inspect
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  save an workbook to a file .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  search for cinder checks .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  perform   null

test:  check if the file at the given mark .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  return   find
truth:  locate   null

test:  get an attributes value .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  swap   property
truth:  returns   a

test:  reads a google cloud storage file and return the google cloud instance .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  open   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  method to activate a single getch prompt .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  code   entry
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get face pair from a carve .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims from the user or the system cli example: .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  normalize the input .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  normalize   wrapper
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine zero or more iterables .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  set   a
truth:  combine   null

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  update all translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  prints/logs an exception to the message log in an message .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   a

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  return the variance of the first variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a file of the given head and return a mapping of lines found and the first colon .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   data

test:  ensure that the name is not skipped when the page with a git .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  to   create
truth:  tests   tests

test:  helper method to run the settings in django .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  execute   results
truth:  collect   null

test:  sends an error report to the given repo .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  list   a
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns the settings as a given path .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns true if *obj* is strings and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated function is only the value of python 2 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  provide   functions
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  try to determine the most or extrafiles of the command .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return the full path of a file .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  append   append

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  attempts to resolve the given tag and returns a deferred .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a datetime value of the given number of integer a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  returns   system
truth:  format   format

test:  creates a new dispatcher and sets the connection to it .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  try to import and retrieve the list of info from the given database .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  import   a

test:  compile the given matrix to a vector .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several rpm packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  gets the value for the given user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  find the manifest for the specified font .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  given   a
truth:  find   find

test:  return a string of permissions for a given string type .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get the current device associated with the current device .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a sparse matrix of n identity dimension n identity distribution .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   matrix

test:  verifies that the feedbackmessagereference is passed to the long .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  wait for the given message to become active .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  expect   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  only one or more chracters at a time .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  create   application
truth:  null   one

test:  login handler .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  print   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  null   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  check compensation argument is a dask or a filename .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  if   use
truth:  check   check

test:  precompute pantsrefs .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   links

test:  get the child branch of a specific trie .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   branch

test:  returns a list of longest lengths from lengths .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  return   gl
truth:  chooses   null

test:  retrieve a relative path from a path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return the current search location .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a vif status .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  create   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  utility method for handling the utility method to convert the current port into a list of ports class .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the c{paths} dict for the given process .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  processes translation translation and returns translation translation for a given request .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  find   parses
truth:  loads   unit

test:  returns the xdg config directory .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   xdg

test:  calculate the number of seconds that a specific 639-1 file is used to the current process .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  recursively apply the given nodes to the given dict .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test drawing histogram of multiple data .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test that tmp .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  return   case
truth:  test   test

test:  only load the module if getfacl is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the forget policy .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  default   function
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel devices .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  track   number
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  regression test to mean invalid values .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  calling   fake
truth:  using   test

test:  create a control service instance .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the filesystem info from the given path .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  mock   null
truth:  reads   a

test:  force exit .
truth: force exit . 
test:  report   os
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  install and install a plugin .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  send process process if connected to its children .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  get or create the global file .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the loops going round in the loops .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  port   get
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return the hg revision for the last change .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the application .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  null   response
truth:  null   application

test:  wrapper around the that allows us to be saved .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  creates   render
truth:  perform   null

test:  an integer .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  make   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create the mysql options that was attached to the user .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  called by renderingview to get requests to a ftp .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  lowercase   strings
truth:  reports   reports

test:  returns a simplified hostmask mask for the given regex .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  start   hook
truth:  hook   hook

test:  this function is called when the component of download .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  read   edit
truth:  edits   null

test:  return a class that is used for couchbase-server a string .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  search for all ckan files in the given list of paths .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   try
truth:  yield   null

test:  display the initial version of the database .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  display   display
truth:  starting   starting

test:  reads all colors from the specified theme .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   n
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about the named container name .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the full path to a yaml file by the function .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  search   path
truth:  expected   return

test:  return a list of the urls that represent the given image .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  returns   items
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that the first argument will second argument passed into the correct argument .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  ensure   parsing
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  compute the entropy of order bins at x and fixed-tolerance with the crosses not equal to the model .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   return

test:  finds the client options for the duration of the application .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get root filename .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   a

test:  generate the map of the given name from the given file .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  create   function
truth:  generates   a

test:  extract schedule from year .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  format   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  method to check if the given stream is set to true .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  restores   quota
truth:  prepares   a

test:  stacks arrays at specified parameters x: array or framework array .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  stacks   implementation
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds a insert to the target node of the given node .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  tells   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  skip a test if a database has the named name to be run .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  configures the object input and attribute of the given object .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  output   configures
truth:  configure   configure

test:  performs the behavior of the given pipeline to the given tells .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  boot   field
truth:  null   workflow

test:  compile a device and returns a compiled template .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  retrieve a role by name from the name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  null   find
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  converts characters that arent to floatx groups .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  normalize   a

test:  test the results of the bundle option .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  log   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all volumes on the cloud provider .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if http status code is client .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  when an error occurs occurs in the given collection .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  if   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  null   object
truth:  if   check

test:  clean out assets from js .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  clean   build
truth:  built   remove

test:  delete all files which are deleted .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  walk up the preload .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  run   load
truth:  preload   a

test:  check whether a short number is a valid significant number .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create the .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  creates   new
truth:  create   create

test:  we enforce enforce custom names in the path .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  -   -

test:  set the debug level .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure the named image is present in the running image name of the name of the image to remove the container name to check to check if it exists .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   a

test:  convert a string to a string suitable for use in a url .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  null   null

test:  fetch only one or more gigabytes in log api .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  reset   send
truth:  logs   logs

test:  assign forum node to the context .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this wrapper takes an scraper and returns a python data structure representation .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  compute   assert
truth:  null   a

test:  return a rule function indicating whether condition and conditioned are defined in condition .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  insert a value into the target dictionary .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  check if the secret key exists .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  create the batch_size index of g .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  insert   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  helper method to get the request header .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  returns a list of list of page names .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  list   expression
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert basestring to str .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  string   s
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  current structure related to the zone/record table .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  return the first table table names that the given package table .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  null   send
truth:  return   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  estimate the image in the binary image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  evaluate   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  converts file to file .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  return combined network counters counters by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  combined   return

test:  replace local variables with a syntactically valid name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compare two tensors .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stack tables along columns of exact tables must all have exactly one of the same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  null   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  replaces a group by name cli example: .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  clean   args
truth:  replaces   members

test:  computes the finite diff of the finite function of a model parameters y : evaluation of 4d 4d or translate .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  dumps the given image into a string .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  reduce   pickle
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   value
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  safely decodes a unicode string to unicode .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  string   unicode
truth:  decode   a

test:  return a python test .
truth: available major . 
test:  select   level
truth:  null   null

test:  construct a __subclasshook__ callable that returns the expression .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  use this def only if the ns for the id passed as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  return an expression containing only 0s of the given sequence .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  remove   tests
truth:  return   return

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified name .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  open out a previously created using the given address .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the number of cpus associated with the current thread .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the most of units that a time in the number of seconds .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if apf exists on the system .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install a requirements file on the local requirements file .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  deploy   build
truth:  install   python

test:  load a certificate from a file or a list of crypto values .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   certificate
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if the tool shed shed is this tool shed .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  return   following
truth:  if   null

test:  converts the string "s" to a sympy expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a string of length cube .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  project page: displays all objects .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  project   null
truth:  index   index

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   ru

test:  set the alarm level to the alarm state of the alarm host .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  splits the datastore path at the given path and returns the datastore path .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  package   a
truth:  split   split

test:  decorrelation method of data using legendre side-effects .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  apply a function to a value in a configuration function .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  recurse   null

test:  given an object .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  assert   update
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  get the full wrapper to the same name as learning .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  null   null
truth:  using   null

test:  renders the supplied values as json .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  build   null
truth:  render   render

test:  get the date value for the given date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  get   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the given url is xtheme .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  takes   converts
truth:  url   url

test:  returns the dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  same as tuple .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  cached   a
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the specified service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  submits a task to a csv file containing a given course .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  submits   null
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  test ignore ignore .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  run   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the phrase for each node for the head head .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the coefficient mean of the coefficient with the two axes set to the lambert lambert w .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  split   use
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  convert a time to the napalm napalm .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the expression in which the completion should be inserted usually usually assist proposals should be inserted like:: completion = proposal .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  download and return a specific file to a bucket .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  get the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   unix

test:  register the plugin filtering on the logger .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  register   a
truth:  injects   null

test:  rest controller - restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve all resources assigned to a given list of resources .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a hypervisor by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   a

test:  a decorator for methods that return a function object .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  pop the current contents of the stack .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  copy   value
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new module .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  to   function
truth:  check   check

test:  strip "find "find "find between central and *rmax* .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  escapes   helper
truth:  finds   null

test:  execute code on a specific or list of *seq* .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  code   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  copy the original file to a hash .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  create   a

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to infer a specific variables parameters .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  if   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  given one of the type .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  expand   expand

test:  importing w/ the full browser module .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   setup
truth:  nested   test

test:  return a list of absolute path directories .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   configuration

test:  extracts the default arguments for attributes of a user .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  get   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure we can do anything with appropriate rather than mangling .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  parses proxy and returns proxy info page if it looks like a proxy host .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  ssh   proxy
truth:  parse   parse

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   set
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the value of complexity with complexity .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  takes   number
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a continuous random variable with the pareto distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  checks the most recent snapshots for snapshots .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  unicode   counts
truth:  null   null

test:  create an l10n instance for the given signal .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fire   a

test:  returns a list of the size of a given format .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reauthenticates a user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  returns   authentication
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute node conductance .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  encode a base64 encoded data into base64 alphabet .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  no inheriting wavelet for image memory .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  value   product
truth:  project   a

test:  deletes the database .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  deletes   number
truth:  is   null

test:  return windows .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  load   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  and_expression : additive_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   and_expression
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  helper function to convert a cluster components into a list of indices .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  to   convert

test:  helper function to create weight initializer for a given shape .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns each row of the level lengths .
truth: given an index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  show a message information .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the discrete log of a to the base dictionary of the discrete log of the logarithm of the indexes .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by taking the elements of the dataset .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  verify that the specified ruby is present with rvm .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a single aggregates value .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   configuration
truth:  get   a

test:  for the given contributors id .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorate a class .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  null   class

test:  purge all installed options .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  purges   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  fetches if a local log is errant .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  r = bool .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  compute the rows of x and y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the number formatted for function; to disk data .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turn   number

test:  processes the user and host for each page .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  reverse   page
truth:  serve   null

test:  returns the information summary of the file .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  get   username
truth:  convert   a

test:  count the list of objects contained within a given class .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  produces   gl
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the cache named cache exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to replace extra parameters into the expression .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  changes   replaces
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  used to get an adjustedarray with metadata for test based scripts .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  create   build
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a jupyter notebook notebook .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  add   queue
truth:  returns   a

test:  a csrf request to determine if the csrf token can be used in a csrf request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  retrieves   powers
truth:  context   processor

test:  find the system console to console .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  to   file
truth:  call   call

test:  returns the permission model for a given model .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  return a list of the reserved solution for the given list of reserved numbers .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a class by name from files where ivre is being used across sys .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   try

test:  print error messages to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  code   msg
truth:  print   print

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator which decorator used if the given name is made .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a default filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  default   filter
truth:  default   default

test:  find the significance of two sequences .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  define   a

test:  support for api .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  send   up
truth:  log   events

test:  open the game logs and enabled logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   configuration
truth:  log   log

test:  retrieve a class by name from a given class .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split an array by given args: byte string of first item in list of longest pairs .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  split   split
truth:  null   elements

test:  compiles a string for inclusion in an exc_info .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute row string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a path relative to $bindir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  ask the user for the keyword argument so it can be appended .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  input   null
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  create a dictionary from the same image as the first image .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  put   alpha

test:  calculate the nti group of the selected group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  access the file dependencies for the service query .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  send   use
truth:  embedded   null

test:  wait until the mathjax has been sent to the page with the given world .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  set add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  remove the feed and create the feed addresses from the feed .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load this module if keystone is installed on this minion .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  load   load
truth:  requires   requires

test:  create a non-empty non-empty of all nodes of all successful calls the given node with node .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  label   assert
truth:  assign   a

test:  returns the configured server id of the given server id .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  provides   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of levels into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  determines if a string can be converted into a re .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  string   string
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the loop path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   display
truth:  get   a

test:  parse and return the contents of the given template .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  opens   table
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parse one or more source file into a python tree structure .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a random unittest2 gate gate .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  return   a

test:  craetes a new table in a given project .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  given a python object id .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write a new pack object to file .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  pack   pack

test:  extract the version string from the release file .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  make   null
truth:  return   tshark

test:  list all of the installed packages .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   expression
truth:  list   list

test:  wrap the exception for a cube snapshot .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  extracts   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  usage   null
truth:  embed   null

test:  migrate the english table to the given table .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  tokenize   file
truth:  migrate   table

test:  calculates the trimmed slices of an axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  null   indices
truth:  takes   elements

test:  return matching the track items in a track directory .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the list of current instance resources .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  removes a given single role for a group from a domain or project .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  construct a message from the given image .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  build   up

test:  import image uuid .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  import   interface
truth:  import   import

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured localzone .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to get the test value of test variable in a given variable .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  send an email to the console .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  notify   email
truth:  null   factory

test:  collect with base and naming are ok .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  call this function and wrap the callback to the remote function .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  add   callback
truth:  adds   a

test:  receives an selinux x given a connectionconfig .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  extract   place
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  call signature:: xscale changes .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  if   failure
truth:  returns   failure

test:  transforms rotation by applying the transforms .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  null   image
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  redirects the user to the support support page .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  djangos   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager which adds a stringio to using fopen .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  to   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  returns a random integer with a challenge .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert mode from mode to index .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  args: items: : dictionary returns: y: a dictionary with only the items for the dictionary .
truth: like repr . 
test:  create   a
truth:  like   repr

test:  find a channel by tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  null   player
truth:  find   channel

test:  create a query object that matches the specified key .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   use
truth:  provided   apply

test:  write the csrf messages to the context .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes all alarms that have been migrated .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  parse the ndp options and return a buffer buffer .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compile a file into a directory .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  compile   function
truth:  compile   a

test:  export an names to target .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  export   wrapper
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a group members .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   members

test:  start a vm vm : string vm to be stopped options : string vm : string vm to start options [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch a raw image from the given image id .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  fetch   image
truth:  grab   null

test:  validates that value is a document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create a cookiejar dict from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  creates   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if the given type is a dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  forms   forms

test:  helper function for generators .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  leading   density
truth:  null   cosine

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the list of names for the given backend .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  set   a

test:  compute chi-squared correlation matrix with t .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  null   eip150
truth:  find   find

test:  computes a resource of 8-bit header information .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator used to notify notify the decorated function is used .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a 410 gone context .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write the methods method to xml file .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  request   service
truth:  write   methods

test:  returns pandas-intelligible string for an 256 value .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  get   encoding
truth:  null   way

test:  performs an image by degrees it to the underlying image .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the permutation of a matrix by re-extracting .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  determines   returns
truth:  count   count

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  null   runner
truth:  null   runner

test:  check if the existence of a node is compute .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  given a byte string .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  print   print
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generates the description of a configuration from the documentation .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  check   override
truth:  start   start

test:  compute node size between two node sets .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  supplied   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the integer value of an int .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   logging
truth:  delete   a

test:  create a dictionary consisting for the given location .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  build   create
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if n contains n elements .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  if   return
truth:  is   null

test:  return the raw text file name for the specified source file .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the value of a matrix .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  read   read
truth:  combines   null

test:  parses the json string as json .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a query .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  generate and store a file .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  if   build
truth:  null   secret

test:  extract external external external external external bn that should be ignored .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  get   n
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  check if vlim is valid .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  generate a volumes image of for each gaussian image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  null   image
truth:  yield   images

test:  returns the string *name* .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  empty   return

test:  create the default status fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   build
truth:  create   a

test:  retrieve the url for the given service service .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  returns   application
truth:  constructs   null

test:  returns the ascii product of p .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  marks   returns
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  serves the location from the course using the specified course .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   try

test:  a list of all the errors and their template context .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  sampling   null

test:  checks if user is expired and so it is expired .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  get the complex from a vector3 path .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a class that maps the given attributes to a class to their arguments .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  define   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if the command and print the socket and should be turned .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  remove a single file by name the name of the port to remove .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: heavy-job this plugin allows you to define "weight" on config .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  null   findbugs
truth:  null   null

test:  return a datetime object formatted as a datetime .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function is used to place a new session and the stored ticket .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  rolls   find
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  try to convert data to panel .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  return   counts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  convenience function for creating a temporary file .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  run   try
truth:  function   function

test:  finds the directory for the given repo .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  find   a
truth:  get   get

test:  used to remove all files .
truth: cache management . 
test:  file   null
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the value of the path to the users refresh directory .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge the servers .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  merge   struct

test:  loads all used directly from the given file .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a generator of yielding form of a list of tuples .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  install   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  check the regression test for being passed to the standard shape and deals with the answers of the command line .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  url   url

test:  return an tag matches .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  populate   return
truth:  determines   logic

test:  generates a ctypes function that raises an exception value .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  null   functions
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  returns a dict of files to find the specified metadata metadata file .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   find
truth:  looks   null

test:  helper for reading an app to find a directory in the app .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  look   directory
truth:  return   a

test:  creates feeditems for the specified adgroups .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  send the plotly plotly to a server .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  null   function
truth:  shows   shows

test:  regression test for creating together while together some of the given py .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  create   a

test:  add one or more axis labels to port labels .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  switch   new
truth:  function   function

test:  test cluster of file .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  setting   permissions
truth:  io   io

test:  tests that theres no file extension matching a backslashes project .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   test
truth:  stores   stores

test:  callback function to set the loglevel .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  function   function

test:  extracts the data in a string using a dictionary whose keys are any environment or an cleared .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  add given property as a list .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  null   a

test:  return events to mask or mask depending on the passed mask .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  mask   digital

test:  allow turning results in @roles role .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  return   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  compute a crc16 lookup integer .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  scale   task
truth:  computes   a

test:  extracts the integer part of the message from the current device .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are autosummary in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that value is a positive integer or a string .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  check   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a list with all begin issues .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  package   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve all of the locate database entries cli example: .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  start   a
truth:  return   a

test:  regression test for issue fixed header that overrides matching bad lines .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  be   null
truth:  header   header

test:  calculate a hash value using the given hash algorithm .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  return true if the pathname is a difference of a relationship size .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  files   files

test:  setup the keyboard authentication extension .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  override   log
truth:  let   null

test:  generate a random int64 of length usernames .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  return a simplest list of expression expr .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  select   manager
truth:  finds   null

test:  return a dictionary of degrees .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   a

test:  widen the preface gcode text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  export   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  remove repeating from a task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  module   home
truth:  given   task

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  make   null
truth:  escape   a

test:  you can override this fixture to enable the celery celery celery app .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start a notification server for the specified request .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   start
truth:  notify   notify

test:  checks if a file exists or a file with the given name .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   returns

test:  return a list of the named file .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  convert absolute path to absolute path .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  return   change
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve all templates within given templates and returns the list of templates .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  config   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  return a dict of progress -> none if the error id is not found .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the site from the current request .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return dictionary with all pairs prefixed by spaces .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  null   null

test:  split object and put into two list with tags sha1s and tag tags .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  split   object
truth:  object   object

test:  get or shared parameters feature_profile : dataframe to be converted to grains sharing axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  return   current
truth:  get   get

test:  copy the given source to the destination if it exists .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  copy   copy

test:  rest controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  helper function to build a remote machine by name .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  checks   in

test:  change from local cache with access to the remote server .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  password   password

test:  creates a modbus xml element .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  ensure   helper
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  returns a list of test classes from a given test suite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets up all objects of the objects contained by the unicode-encode .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a single objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  creates a generator that converts the value of the extruder .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  generate   add
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a string .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  find   a
truth:  print   print

test:  the main entry point for the given mapping .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   a

test:  this test ensures that the error function fails to rolls folders in the file .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  evaluate   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the host group does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a datetime object into a string .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  returns   attributes
truth:  call   call

test:  explicitly display new .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  finished   connection

test:  sharedvariable language .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  used   values
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the network with the specified bridge .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a server is enabled in state cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can automatic automatic automatic given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the score function that supports the single 'item' score or false .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  count   score
truth:  compute   compute

test:  this takes a string lt lt .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset length in a length of big length .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   permissions
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an encoder instance where substring is valid .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  lookup   converts
truth:  lookup   up

test:  returns the number of permutations of n .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  generate   number
truth:  return   return

test:  return the site site name or none if it is currently changed .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   current

test:  given a decorator that allows a function or a decorator that returns a decorator that can be used with a given path to be used with a comp as an
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  definition : literal .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   definition

test:  output the specified value of the option option .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  make   hypothesis
truth:  output   parameter

test:  compare two json instance .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  given   function
truth:  assert   a

test:  test code for building a class this test .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  if   subject
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  return an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the degree of a polynomial in x_j in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a bem flow .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  the scenario policy is currently being used for those that use the same name .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  function   null
truth:  is   null

test:  validate that the structure of all absent argument failed .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os tk tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  iterate a summary of the datastore datastore .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  place an order by specified order .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   header
truth:  place   place

test:  this slices slices slices over slices .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  take   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   desktop
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  returns the model class from the database if none or "is .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random adjacency distribution with adjacency elements .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  place   place

test:  create a database database database name user host the user to create user host the user host the host to connect to connect to create host the host the host
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove the given headers that are referenced for the given list of headers .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  header   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   testing
truth:  output   output

test:  adds goes through a protobuf .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  prints name for bench in bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  run a child process and update the violations from the given __new__ .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  run   new
truth:  runs   runs

test:  release an equalizer value from a particular equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   a
truth:  release   a

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   bounding
truth:  center   center

test:  polynomial kernel between each pair of y and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete specific server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  delete   reset
truth:  shut   null

test:  fix the ckan tools .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an image of the given module .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  null   return
truth:  read   a

test:  returns default contact for default .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  default   default

test:  creates a zero-filled :class:cupy .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  transform the page for later backends .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  decorate   generate
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of the sites datasets .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get specific server value from a specific configuration .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   redis
truth:  get   redis

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the vms object .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  return   counts
truth:  extract   null

test:  verify the provided long expect .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  catch   null
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  create a naive successfull entry with the given mapping .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  generate a random string with seed and seed .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the contributions calendar for the given url .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  modified version of inverse .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  null   permutation

test:  redirects to the specified job .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  skip test for construction .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point for more nagios test .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  has   django

test:  alias for max_elemwise{x .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   range

test:  read the wire and return the contents of a file .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  converts png image to radsec .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  return   null
truth:  input   input

test:  compute the cartesian cartesian cartesian product of the values in the passed array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  function   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unset flavor extra keys for the given flavor .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the named dns is mutable .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the number of elements a to flatten in the input array .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  make   indices
truth:  return   a

test:  split a tuple of tuples into drive/unc drive/unc tuples .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  fit distribution parameters dist : {block .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  fit   a
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  uninstall python packages .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  recursively pack lists into a single string .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  pack   null
truth:  pack   variables

test:  running the "harvest" test with pylab-related set .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  lettuce   models
truth:  uses   uses

test:  get data for given module .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  module   module

test:  computes node connectivity between all pairs and y .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  compute   node

test:  escape partial sequences so it can be used as attributes/arguments .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  show the about the current about git .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns all the css dependencies for a given group .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  return an iterator over the exceptions of the message .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks if the specified locale has cmd .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an item from an option or an option .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  raise   log
truth:  log   log

test:  returns true if *obj* has a bad link .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  return   return
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes the given exploration summary of the given rights .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  utility function to convert a column number into a column of column names .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  close   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  raises a valueerror if the given password is hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  call this function parses a content layer as an absolute tile .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  parses the specified token into a string representation .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  parses   format
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively list files => directory .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  used   null

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should work with 2 .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  exit   exit

test:  trained restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  utility function that converts a creation sequence into a list of weights and returns the creation sequence .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  plot one several axis .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  plot   figure
truth:  null   null

test:  safely set require_version file to 1 .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  file   log
truth:  write   a

test:  create an hosts object .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  create   create
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function around static files .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  function   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the url for the given site .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  url   dummy
truth:  return   return

test:  uses a tornado request to async server .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the position of ngram of the ngram of the given sentence .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  get   policy
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  view all objects .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  public routine to serve protected field from the database .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  serve   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  retrieves sort keys/directions parameters starting from the list of the first .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  call the given function and yield the result .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  null   null

test:  show all the running profile .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  check   return
truth:  get   get

test:  delete options .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  merge two dict from dsk2 to new dict .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merges   d
truth:  merge   merge

test:  returns the module instance to use for the given number .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  helper function to apply a group or expression to a group expression involving reduction .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  override the given system .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  override   undo
truth:  override   override

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  provision flocker on a task .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  null   up
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics html .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   characters
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  loads the executable from the binary binary file .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  return   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pretty print the worst extents extents row and get the only_persist port .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  apply   get
truth:  find   find

test:  convert an integer value to a datetime value .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  adapted   load
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  set the aesthetic class used for rendering diffs .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   log
truth:  msg   msg

test:  rabbitmq all the remote server .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  install   run
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function for gf_edf_zassenhaus compute the number of permutations and their permutations using permutations .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  compute goes of a polynomial in the test .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  null   up
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function that instantiates a parent object .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  return   a

test:  define a l1loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   interface

test:  verifies that the certificate certificate is valid .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   error
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  add commands to the directory .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  add   add
truth:  files   files

test:  creates a query entity for a search_service_pb .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  update   a
truth:  make   null

test:  draw a validationshufflesplit check for testing .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  round   randomly
truth:  draws   null

test:  find the total total number of responses for a given asset .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  content   find
truth:  get   get

test:  step 2: the same way as they are returned .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  test that the both the both url works and flag to the url .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  attributes   url
truth:  null   credentials

test:  list options that meet the event to the event .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the subnet is a subnet .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  check   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read json data from file and return as byte string .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  tag   data
truth:  read   json

test:  test to ensure that the data can be converted to a python object .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   test

test:  retrieve the tag of a volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  to   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  retrieve current site record for a given site .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  null   fetch
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  helper function for computing normal reference count items .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  make function that methods with config options .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  change   case
truth:  check   check

test:  given an iterable of last keys .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe year year gdp_yoy : pi :(%) si :(%) industry:(%) ti :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  conditionally sets up in the current environment .
truth: return env . 
test:  changes   set
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if the given file exists .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  make a generator for one element in sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  generate   unicode
truth:  sort   a

test:  gets the name of the profile .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   a

test:  authentication view .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  view   redirects
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns the default component of a component .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  default   default
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the encoding is available .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  get   get

test:  set list to be archived .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  update   check
truth:  help   eeg

test:  function to ansiblemodule ansiblemodule width and height .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  base   transform
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all outbound inbound messages are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  deletes a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  fetches   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the named service is available .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fit coil chpi given the coil parameters .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  fit   objective
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  checks to see if a request is actually comprehensive to run a microsite based on the current request .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  if   check
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  this function matches the alternatives list of alternatives .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  calculate   inverse
truth:  null   strategy

test:  show the first two lines that are before the next iteration .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  displays   move
truth:  to   attempt

test:  revoke admin privileges privileges from a user .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   cluster
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project version detail view shows the available version as a dict .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   a
truth:  project   version

test:  gets a differs by name .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  make   a

test:  open the connection to the given home database .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  open   open
truth:  null   a

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  multiplicative_expression : multiplicative_expression type_name additive_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  returns a g_{n .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  return   derivative
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a tensor or a row and a string .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  map   map
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of p examples .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates a kernel .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  clean up main loop in the format .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  null   point
truth:  null   null

test:  inverted hammer .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  piercing   pattern
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  writes   load
truth:  save   null

test:  create the translations for the current session .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  helper function to create and see if the 8bit object has a deferred that matches the old method .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  make   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  dont change to a given file .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  return   program
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap python with comma-separated .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  wrap   decodes
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  test to ensure that hug correctly handles a uuid function .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the list of available available owner .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  return   check
truth:  get   get

test:  create a function that renders the revision shed to the received shed revision .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  point   authentication
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert a uniform uri to the native resource uri .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if remote package is installed and has installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compare two continuous readable representation of the same interface .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  verify   assert
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test arithmetic training and i/o .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return details about the webapp status url : url the url of the server manager timeout : 180 timeout timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  show a list of breakpoints .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create an appcontrollerclient object by id .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  to   try

test:  safe way to cleanup the total query .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  to   job

test:  view to allow a spam page to be performed and is a spam .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  link   updates
truth:  handle   a

test:  generate adjacency path for circular nodes .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  compressed   a
truth:  null   places

test:  generate list of files .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  returns true if the first word exist and carve carve removes not match any of the first match the command line .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  match   filters
truth:  checks   user

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   plot
truth:  add   groove

test:  elementwise log function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  log   log
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  remove all keys from the selected database cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a list of topic trees that the given topic .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that ensures that the decorated function is run .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a boolean value that is true if the value matches it .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extracts nothing from mako templates .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  returns   count
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  takes an object and returns the string .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  takes   string
truth:  removes   shell

test:  request a problem to be rescored as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  submits   reset
truth:  to   request

test:  a tells function for methods of binary .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  to   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create an authorization flow object .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package using same name .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  compares the package versions of two package .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  decode   returns
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test the report with expected data .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   classification

test:  takes a dict and prepends the dictionaries .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  validates that the password matches the given password id using the password id .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the db from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  search for a list of id by name and return the attributes # it .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  return   find
truth:  scan   scan

test:  returns the country code for a given country mobile code .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensures that the last mapping of a list has a mapping of mapping attribute .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  catch   tables
truth:  null   classes

test:  extract the fields from the log file .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  downloads   downloads
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  upload a public key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns an iterable over nodes in the order given by a depth-first strategy .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   lock
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes the specified value and returns the minimum time in the unix timestamp .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  does   part
truth:  return   a

test:  returns timeline for attendance .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test the time description validation .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   entity
truth:  test   test

test:  shutdown a running system .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  detect whether jail is supported but not have changed .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   window

test:  return true if the module does not found .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  yield the full path to each directory containing the given pattern .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  setup   get
truth:  yield   path

test:  get details about a vpc peering connection .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  search for source file to a tuple .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  test special values in color codes into color value .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   color
truth:  colorized   test

test:  serialize obj to a python data representation .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  print   a
truth:  serialize   python

test:  convert an utf-8 string to bytes .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  return   str
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  create or aggregate the tabular model parameters inputs : theano .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  make   a

test:  list all the subsequent id in the folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  check   average
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the input is related to facebook notifications .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  return the gradient of the linear gradient for a linear end of maxfilter-formatted .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  null   n
truth:  makes   linear

test:  get data to match epochs .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   type
truth:  get   data

test:  helper function to find a list of file extensions that are considered to the overall accounts .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a non-nan vector to a julian transform .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  to   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  create bag from many bag .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  make   compute
truth:  null   bag

test:  yield time in secs .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  raise   generator
truth:  time   time

test:  test updating the meta data when cache is not activated .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  null   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  extract the model data from a deployment using configuration .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the class from a string representation of the given string .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  computes the rank of the cl_n unrank metric from a bias matrix .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  find   matrix
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a list of possible folders based on their metadata .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  need   need

test:  ensures that a list of keys with those that have been modified .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of all the theme names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  package   return
truth:  return   a

test:  this function is designed to create a wrapper on a specific platforms .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  send the app to the current datetime for the datetime .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  confirm   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters for the project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  execute the async: async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  clone a repo .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  clones   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  run the svn files in the list of files .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  run   a
truth:  svn   svn

test:  gets a decorator that ensures that a given extension is not used .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  raise   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return this platforms platforms .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given url has a explicit domain .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the binary path .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert an excel timestamp into a datetime .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   a

test:  performs a nans lookup over the specified numpy array with scores .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  null   snapshot
truth:  issue   issue

test:  factory that will read and return a request that will load the specified rate .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  null   read
truth:  null   factory

test:  this function finds the input and returns the list .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  null   number
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  only load if pyrax failed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   virtual
truth:  return   return

test:  fix the cluster replaced by the cluster paths .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  logs   variant
truth:  fix   fix

test:  migrate the models dictionary by removing all that has the models that has the primary keys that has the primary keys that has the articles .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  migrate   email
truth:  check   guid

test:  require the etreefx if were loaded a etreefx request .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  helper method to reverse the view in get httpresponse parameters .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  creates   query
truth:  null   version

test:  check if an absolute url belongs to a python url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   wether

test:  test to ensure that the report exists .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  returns the system states of the specified interface .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  returns   queues
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check if the repository is malicious and changeset to changeset an malicious changeset .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  context manager to temporarily disable previous patch .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  retrive   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns data from sharedobject .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  split   split

test:  checks if we are running on a host .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  verify   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  require a deb package to be uninstalled .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  package   package

test:  delete a class from the given compiler .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds a few network with the shifted pattern .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  null   a
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of the rrc822 whose field collide are in the given lists of the edges .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   z

test:  configure the torque to display it in a background thread .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps that match groups takes them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  null   log
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new instance from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the discrete log of a vector .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse results specific to the clade model c .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  parses   results
truth:  null   models

test:  channel section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  null   indication
truth:  null   mode

test:  a decorator that turns the arguments of a function into a single argument .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  function   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get an ssh key for the given host .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a scene from a scene and converts it in a scene .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  converts the given node to a tree of node .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  return a dictionary of sets of clusters to the given axis .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  find   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  extracts the error syntax and error message for the given c{filename} syntax .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  raise   level
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  try to legacy legacy flags from a string and return a list of flags .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  test   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  this function will be called when the process started .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  iterate   run
truth:  null   generator

test:  validates that a model and returns a model instance .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  model   model

test:  use this decorator to expose actions that span more than one entity .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  null   use
truth:  use   use

test:  filter the given expression .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  filters   remove
truth:  yield   null

test:  check to see if the client is consul from the file .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  list   markers
truth:  query   consul

test:  create a random sample from x parameters ntosample : randomseed should be converted .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return the first argument passed to the function .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  arg   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the specified system has an powershell system .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function to add macros to *ty* f(x) weight examples .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the leading and characters in a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  given   text
truth:  adds   a

test:  imports should usually be on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  print the value of the message .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   split
truth:  print   print

test:  takes a composite round round two sequences: .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  arrays   shortcut
truth:  create   a

test:  build a copy of sphinx .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  build   docs

test:  prints the usage of this usage .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  usage   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get vault value from the rest service .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  checks the keys]return is in the list .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  load data from control .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  performs arma correlation matrix converts arma to arma .
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  assign   color
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  name of the process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   exe
truth:  name   name

test:  retrieve the gigabytes attribute of the specified repository .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   current

test:  checks if a user exists on the given database name to create database .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  run   run
truth:  return   return

test:  executing all the elements that are unique or general .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  uploads the default f() value .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  gets   value
truth:  null   method

test:  start a vm by name cli example: .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a shell command on a remote host cli example: .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  run   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  helper method to do the server web server .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  encodes   fixture
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  helper method to updates the current datetime for the given user .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  updates   last_created_an_exploration
truth:  records   records

test:  returns a list of command line comments .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  if   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  factory function that instantiates the cffi pointer for a given function .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  nesting-safe nesting-safe process .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  throw   tasks
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a user using its --prefix --prefix .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  test   user

test:  return the description of a description from a list of lines .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  drop all logging and remote settings for the given engine .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  to   text
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  format   null
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  given a valid config .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  function   check
truth:  check   check

test:  lowess the find_pure_symbol function using the lowess function fit a lowess specification operation .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  needs   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   networking

test:  returns the logs used to process the given space .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  set   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  take a list of dependencies .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  take   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  add a list of dictionaries to the provided graph .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the windows computer number for the specified computer .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a to a column number .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert microsoft :class:~datetime .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  decode   a

test:  given a querystring field and boundary fields and boundary .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  encode   a

test:  deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructtimestampassetid" .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  make   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup the binary sensors .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return true if the list of upageviews revisions is the same as the rest .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  load   works
truth:  set   set

test:  construct a version header with custom bytes from a list of bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --local --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  saves   playlists
truth:  save   history

test:  gets the current user from the current request .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   helper

test:  context manager to temporarily send the old debug debug for debug .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  do   null
truth:  change   change

test:  restart the specified service .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  is   null

test:  restrict input type to positive between 1 and integer .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  cast   returns
truth:  input   input

test:  send prompt to the parent .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  wait   verifies
truth:  make   null

test:  this method is used to setup a tracks one .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  register the function to be called with the given alias .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   add
truth:  register   a

test:  add a domain names to an domains domain .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  look   function
truth:  registers   new

test:  add the user to the auth setting for the given setting .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return an integer stored in a cookie stored in the number of cookies .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the influx sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should correctly parse tabular step into tabular step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  prints a list of root devices .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  null   log
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup the available sensor platform .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  determine if a set of source points can be converted to a fixed set .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  generates spherical bessel function of order n .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  if   chebyshev
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  show the value of the given url .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  to   return
truth:  try   try

test:  raises an exception if the given data was a byte string .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  validates whether parameters passed to be called via integer and scheme .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  if   categorical

test:  reads the request from the specified session and returns it .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  raise typeerror if iterator is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or string-like .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   convert
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  loads the image .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  return   read
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the current line number of the current buffer .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  null   input
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the username cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   a

test:  create an association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  step text with trend that the user is fails .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  create a network .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test reading tab to read events as expected .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value in a clip to an clip on the given clip of the function does not calculate the clip of a video/audio .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  provides   f(clip
truth:  if   null

test:  number of different function of different values .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the local_useless_rebroadcast function to the most recently files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove a interface bound to a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given an input response .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  wrap   response

test:  this will verify if the given user is closed for the given course cart .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return testsuite testsuite to be used in the test cases .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  make   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if the object points to non iterable where the object is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list the files in the current working .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  extended   view
truth:  null   locale

test:  signals from missing downsample .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  socket   reverse
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  return a list of string from the given list of words .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  filters   view
truth:  null   null

test:  read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   copies
truth:  read   a

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  missing   list
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  returns the default textiowrapper stim dict .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  create   open
truth:  default   stim

test:  utility function to easily create the cache .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  add the first request to the url if the url passed .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check whether an ast filename exists .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep for the specified finder .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  suspend   sleep
truth:  put   put

test:  raises a collection if the collection is not a collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   check

test:  make extension extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return index of genericimagedatasetjob indices in provided order to generate support for provided dataframe .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  update the users play configuration .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   array
truth:  update   update

test:  check if the database connection is a vcenter .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  show   fetch
truth:  if   test

test:  from a file that is float64 from absence of code .
truth: from url . 
test:  provide   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribe a user to a creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  source   source
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  pure implementation of the item .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  register a service in the pool .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions should fail on non of vo .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  test   test
truth:  calling   calling

test:  return the eigenvector centrality for each node of the given esxi graphs .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieve a client .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  take   wrapper
truth:  time   time

test:  max matrix with non-existing and order multiple .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  -   -

test:  remove the senderkey from the senderkey .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete a health key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return the id of a package .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the pathname looks like a list of strings .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  return   return

test:  test user user to delete another user .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  ensure   user
truth:  default   default

test:  chown a user id .
truth: same as os . 
test:  extended   default
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstalls one or more packages if not already installed .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  make   one
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send email with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  email   notification
truth:  email   email

test:  return the process data of the process .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  load the named backend for the duration of the given backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  create   function
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure we can ensure we can tokenize things when we get some things .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure that its possible to easily read only .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  ensure   shows
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  create an autoscaler with the given gce .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if user can download all the user .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   tests

test:  ensure that the pycuda reader works as pycuda .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a string .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  string   function
truth:  process   a

test:  build the internal internal interface for overridden and attribute .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  converts   attribute
truth:  returns   a

test:  map the list of inputs to the inputs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  find   null
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  return dummy data from optical cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  current transaction info cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get the complex with collide collide collide .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  run you addition and write it to start process .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  starts   handles
truth:  control   control

test:  return the string to use for writing user (e .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  string   data
truth:  format   a

test:  returns the cluster sizes of the unit linkage .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  return python version as a python package version string .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that skip tests if docker .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  apply the profile .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  apply   apply

test:  inquire whether two sequences: classes are identical .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return whether the users exists based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string that can be used for a file .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if path is an executable file .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the amount of seconds .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt to delete bookmark completion .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  add access to the group type .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  access   access

test:  return paths to output_path .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  to   try
truth:  return   return

test:  get the tls url from the given configuration .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  function   a
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the trimmed along the given axis of a tensor .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse text directive to a tree of text .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parse   split
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  return the activation function of the sequence of items .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find a by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a file if it does not exist .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   windows
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  view to edit the group with a given official report .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  format   view
truth:  to   view

test:  set a specific image in the given install name the name of the minion to add to the container name cli example: .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  exclude the exclude components of event components .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  close   exclude
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create pool on current machine .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given two 1-d arrays and y .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network inventory information from the network device .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   network
truth:  print   print

test:  get an api endpoint for a subprocess .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  utility function to determine if the instance of a given object is a class .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  transform a metadef_namespace_resource_type .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  turn   image
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will translate the value into a template .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns all notifications for the given doctypes .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  null   notifications

test:  make sure an longest archive gets incremented when should work with a default hex .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  verify   url
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  concatenates concatenates .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  returns   fake
truth:  verify   signature

test:  converts a python field path to a dotted path .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  used   null

test:  provides the user .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  to   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  compute total_seconds using hyperexpand and replace the difference between nan and nan .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  null   function
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the status for a service .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  process   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read the image from file header .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  function   one
truth:  read   read

test:  returns list of items sorted by the given matrix .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set image .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  delete   file
truth:  clean   up

test:  gets due date for the given posting .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  get   a
truth:  set   set

test:  run a user as a specific dbms instance .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  show about the optional about page .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  return   versions
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a datetime into an who datetime .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  ensures that the read users in the specified region .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  signal   get
truth:  to   value

test:  attempts to create an instance from a thread .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns the first descendants of the model .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  context manager to change the current virtualenv of a given directory .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  run the fs_file with the current context .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  generate   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  dynamically load a module by name from an ordered module .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   a

test:  return a list of all available courses .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  attempts to pick the file name and extract the number of file .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  given   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return a function which defines the elements of a given function .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  make a tree of a node .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  display   display

test:  ensure the specified target is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  create a file with the specified name and return it as a dict with command line numbers .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  returns   tags
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorator for methods that require a container on a container .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  converts   decorator
truth:  assures   null

test:  return a schema class .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a list of flags .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  dump info about color info .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  msg   warning
truth:  dump   info

test:  ensure the operators description of the given expression is none .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  to   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  update sailthru when a marketing activation args: username: a value or enroll as update .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  update   sailthru
truth:  enable   enable

test:  requires the output .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  null   results
truth:  implement   null

test:  update the cloudpipe .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  update   update

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  helper function to calculate the average size of the new album .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a tool from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  resize multiple images at once .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  stays   image
truth:  resize   promo

test:  jpeg data in jfif format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  split a closed line into a list of generators .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  function   pull
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the eq-3 ble thermostats .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   register
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  extract the default value from a list of fields or level .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to write metadata to file metadata .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  write   attempt
truth:  function   function

test:  auth info with request auth .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  record   user
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is not loaded the tipc module is not loaded the tipc function .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  decorator to wrap methods in a chained list .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  chained   a

test:  drop a list of all known files .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  empty   null

test:  set the username and retrieve the backend providers .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  put   user
truth:  populate   populate

test:  ensure consistency of the current user is created with the new profile .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   conversion

test:  remove a single file or directory that will work with no differences .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  code   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  select *k* individuals from the input individuals .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  load observatory data from json .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  load   observatory

test:  writes the message to the log file using the given message .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  skips test if a test suite is true .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  if   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  cleanup flowgrams in case of the directory .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  ensure   utility
truth:  clean   a

test:  create a function that takes a function as a function or method of a specific object .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  build   null
truth:  create   astroid

test:  retrieves the content of the given additional server .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  stub function to explicitly call a given name .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  connect   null
truth:  print   a

test:  returns the value of a convolution deviation: in y .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  null   method
truth:  convolve   x

test:  determine if the input is unique .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  remove a file .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  recursive   null

test:  loads all vispy .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  display   list
truth:  import   import

test:  check if the part of a part is a part of the boolean boolean .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  test that when we are not provided .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warn   pip
truth:  warning   warning

test:  rolls back the transaction manager .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  function   function
truth:  rolls   back

test:  function to compute the testable transformation of the function .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  computes   number
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the targets gt .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  given   ground

test:  kill a process and process the database if the process is not created .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  null   routine

test:  superimposes two inverted images using the absolute image .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  return   func
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a time to np .
truth: compute np . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  compute   np

test:  write network to file .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   data
truth:  writes   a

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  assumes sparse matrices gives a simple sparse csr .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  test   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the first resources of the given request .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the setup for all allocated driver .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return the list of names for an object .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  get   resource
truth:  return   info

test:  get the user copy of the given desktop .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create a custom tags from a list of tags .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  take   a

test:  parses the html string and return a sorted list .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  to   null

test:  return the sets of *x* .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  elementwise   x
truth:  null   null

test:  get the context info from the list of installed pages .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the system encoding by the locale name .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  look   try
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  return the version of functions that are installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete bookmark data from a track data structure .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  build   usage
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the contents of the predicative associated with the given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  fix   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the python attribute of a node .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  command   behavior
truth:  null   a

test:  get the current secret .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  to   x
truth:  get   appscale

test:  parses string from the start and end of a string .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  normalize data into a string .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  salts   data
truth:  profile   profile

test:  makes a track function that implements the given track .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  make   a

test:  converts a uid id to a user name .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new app instance .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  given an iterable of tokens .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  return   a

test:  increments the indent .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  user details .
truth: list all users . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  list   list

test:  poll the job to the redis worker .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  block   method
truth:  raise   null

test:  compare two strings .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  to   helper

test:  write the contents of a stream .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  write   a
truth:  print   a

test:  generate nodes with the given command .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  send   command
truth:  sorted   null

test:  computes the white white from a gaussian distribution .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  compute the hash of a file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote text for inserting into a shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  get authentication token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a nuttall or rectangular window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if the var is 0 .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular iteration .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  complete   wrapper
truth:  is   null

test:  iterate over corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  helper function to split the list of groups .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorate function by functions that need to determine the function to be called with the function or result of a function .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  determine the default database options for a given database .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   type

test:  wrapper around geometric .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  load   get
truth:  sign   a

test:  get a specific engine for the given database .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the object holding the given object as a string .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  search for releases and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  plot a function using matplotlib/tk .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   a

test:  create a adam for a given trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  configured   null
truth:  search   search

test:  finds all packages that should be installed via root .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  find   find
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression minusminus .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  pop the current contents of the local for the current thread .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  pop   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write processing file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   measurement

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk from the current filename .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  add a date in a given file into a string .
truth: factory function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  client client by organization name .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  null   api

test:  simply returns input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   identity

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get all tags .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  avoid   characters
truth:  text   text

test:  invoke a remote system with the given response .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   a

test:  return whether args should be passed to the key .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  a csrf template that returns the csrf token .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  null   field
truth:  context   processor

test:  determine the default service name the name of the named uid .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  read chunks until socket is something .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the list of apps that need to be given .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : id sep .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieve subscription information about all subscriptions .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  get   subscription

test:  helper function to add ipv6 addresses to ipv6 address .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  rules   rules

test:  look up the aes mime from the buffer in a particular buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  null   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  add users group .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  add   fix
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate a sha512 encoded hash of the specified path .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  renders   unpack
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new default default to all the default certs .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a hash of data from a step .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  convert   strings

test:  returns the name of this proxy .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parses a python constant expression .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  evaluate   attempts
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  return a list of attribute names of attribute info .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that a table is no optimized .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a utf-8 xml element .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  strip   data
truth:  escape   a

test:  convert a integer to an integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  extracts   helper
truth:  converts   a

test:  inverse of the sequence in which the elements of the sequence is true .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  seq   seq
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the absolute path of a pathname .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   os

test:  this function prints a session to search for any client .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  function   move
truth:  test   test

test:  create a security group by id .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  sorts   default
truth:  default   default

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  create interactive interactive interactive window if the users defined .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  reboot   generate
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock patching the user is reversed to allow it to subscribed to access the function .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a volume object in the volume .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module instances from a setting .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  poweroff a running system cli example: .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  null   matching
truth:  null   power

test:  return a list of the labels that occur in the bits of the current time .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  compute   lists
truth:  compute   compute

test:  deprecated search for issue .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  computes   root
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  returns a list of all topics .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  find the greedy policy .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  find   action
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic-choice dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dict of all the images that are on the given images .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of node .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a version string for the given version .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  return   standard
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   call
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  get the type of the given object .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the specified nftables is valid .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   function
truth:  check   check

test:  return whether the request has a particular regex .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated from the evaluated loop .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  widen the preface gcode text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  returns the set of values that are not in any given value .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   a

test:  return a mapped indicator object with the following column names and the recursivemiddleware .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  context   null
truth:  hide   hide

test:  return a copy of the supplied value .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  copy   values
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  return the string with special characters removed .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  provide the namespace handler for a backend .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  makes   logging
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the bipartite clustering of a directed network .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  compute   a

test:  unsolve an answer .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  watching   method
truth:  accept   accept

test:  run one or more suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   runner
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a list of available items cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  template   template

test:  converts the output from format to a graph .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  makes   print
truth:  export   method

test:  given a changed:(%) .
truth: process part . 
test:  format   prompt
truth:  process   part

test:  converts camel-case style names into underscore seperated name .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  converts   name
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  split the best into the ith list of matching chunks from the passed .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  split   null
truth:  null   partition

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  update the list of versions for a resource .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  signal   versions
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that given database is present name the name of the virtual host to remove name of the .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  tests if the process and when the output of the process .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  given a class mapping .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  import   a

test:  test that the not found: works .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get xml from output .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  allocate a pair of the slot timedelta .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  convert an absolute path to a condition path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   bucket

test:  read rejection parameters from .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  retry test case .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  wrap   a

test:  provides the id of the given process id .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with starts args for data .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  test   input
truth:  null   table

test:  returns a storage object with the get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a bit .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns unique host within a list of unique values .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a given template to a template .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  test the variable with pilight for pilight .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  test   use
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the discussion tab tab for the course from the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   user
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert string into string .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  s   convert
truth:  extract   slug

test:  returns page size of page sizes .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  transform   page
truth:  get   page

test:  prints the list of the files in this file .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  negotiate websocket .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  converts   find
truth:  to   try

test:  initialize release .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  release   up
truth:  clone   clone

test:  compute the network for the one-vs-one network .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  estimate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  function that processes vendor to obtain the model from the show model or try to check if the model is false .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   function
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  send the message to the process and exit .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  quit   null

test:  update an api request .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  endpoint   update
truth:  sends   null

test:  tests that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  determine the ico map .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  view function that handles the password password for the password .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  sets   reset
truth:  view   view

test:  create a configuration file with the specified name and write to it .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  config   create
truth:  builds   null

test:  download and build sumaclust then download it .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   build
truth:  download   download

test:  this is a helper function for computing fima matrix parameters d : int number of multivariate matrix returns fima : int number of the number of observations of the lower
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  split   float
truth:  null   representation

test:  module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  determine the menu .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  add   null
truth:  shows   a

test:  create a munging from the given file .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  function to store eventlet pool for requests .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object looks like a terminal object .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression ge shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   relational_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  checks that vlog() is only used for defining a logging level .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test copy append .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find and return a temporary file for a given filename .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  search   a
truth:  given   grep

test:  return true iff our configuration != != != .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  create   build
truth:  config   config

test:  helper function to create a regex from a string .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  text   style
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for an edx request .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  return   null
truth:  search   search

test:  checks that the user is in the current platform .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  add   return
truth:  drops   drops

test:  fixture providing a fake project client as a cloud of api .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  patches   patches

test:  unmount a running system cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  unmount   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  invoke restorecon with command .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  server   return
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete the specified zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns true if the given python module is installed .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  set the global log level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create the mode for the given course .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  create   null
truth:  add   a

test:  ensure we can take place while a simple worker .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  test   format
truth:  model   a

test:  return true if the from ua agent is buggy .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   css

test:  check that the selected fields is editable .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  if   check
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns value for interleave if it cant be a variable .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  value   returns
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  diag(d) reduction .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  associate the user with the given details .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  return   user

test:  encode a python function using indicated if it is not a byte string .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  encode   decorator
truth:  if   python

test:  return a tuple representing the specified version .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the snmp from a snmp .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  return   root
truth:  null   null

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   router

test:  get the list of sorted api function .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  return   a
truth:  show   current

test:  create new _get if it has been modified .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  marks the current context as wanting and sets it to a method .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the content for the given location .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  if   export
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of numbers that contribute in the given iterable .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  count   number
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : lbracket constant_expression_opt parameter_type_list_opt rparen .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  normalize an array to either a given distribution or np .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   kernel
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute samples for the mean .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  function   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  allocate   null

test:  helper function to return the shape of a given tensor .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  turn   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return a class from descriptor .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  validates that the given inputs have the multiple entry .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  marks a view function as being a view .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  modifies   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test if the completion completion is unknown .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  warning   null
truth:  getting   test

test:  decorator to ensure that the specified aggregate exists .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a derobjectid object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a unicode string into ascii characters .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function will compute the list of features that are located on the minion .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an expr with the given expectation expectation .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a more than width .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   str
truth:  wrap   a

test:  install a certificate from keychain the keychain to install keychain password the keychain to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  restart the named service .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  send full command to the specific display .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  display   command
truth:  command   command

test:  module function to decrypt a given hash .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  decrypts   matrix
truth:  based   null

test:  activate a zone .
truth: register the device . 
test:  swap   pydoc
truth:  register   register

test:  compute data from a file .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  compute   up
truth:  hash   a

test:  returns true if the given user can access any of the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  if   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the path length of the shortest path between source and target using the shortest algorithm in source from source to target .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path to the sympy directory .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  get   sys
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an payment .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fake   fake

test:  a factory to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete containers .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  remove   containers

test:  get the modified time of the given module .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  package   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  shortcut for creating decorators that is used as a decorator .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator_from_middleware
truth:  given   a

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  encodes   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  converts the first text from the node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge one or more dictionaries into another .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   multiple
truth:  merge   merge

test:  delete a metadef object or raise if it already exists .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the xblock responsible for the specified xblock .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensures that the auth gets turned into the given template .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  null   flag
truth:  hack   hack

test:  create or update one or many roles cli example: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  return   one
truth:  grant   one

test:  import and return a module to a string .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  import   import
truth:  to   attempt

test:  gets the user limits .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply a polynomial by a ring in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   up
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should correctly extract regular step by tabular .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decompress string input with line numbers and trend .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  get the arp these address from a given source .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  leave   null
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve file system partition from administration .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   quota
truth:  enable   quota

test:  get whether remote events is on remote :return: true if remote events .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  compute the trimmed determination function of a theano vector .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  generate   section
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  attempt to decompose a permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  to   null
truth:  optimized   null

test:  finds the most recent argument to given the function .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  count   network
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type b section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  return the full members of the server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  setup   server
truth:  null   api

test:  sends an sms number .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  create a shallow public delay .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  time   return
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ip address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  method that raising notes struct stream and catch the notes stream .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  iterates   point
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica twice .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   invoke
truth:  running   running

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test if a module is false .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach the json story story to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  update the version number for the aws release .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   version

test:  sends an authorized strategy to the user .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  track   null
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  complete   values
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  returns true if address balongs to link-local multicast address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate the specified year .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  string   length
truth:  score   score

test:  return a constantly drawing of the underlying urls that solves solves the win_snmp group .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with two pixels around the pixel dictionary to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  square   square
truth:  square   square

test:  return true if command is available on the system .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   null

test:  waits for the element to become an element with the given time .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  load   waits
truth:  click   click

test:  create a snapshot to a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  this function implements the data passing to a string .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  echo   reload
truth:  -   -

test:  yields staff or more introspection is_new .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  count   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  takes a list of fields or a dict of fields .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  look   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  returns a list of all the studio paths paths that the given course structure .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  check   parses
truth:  list   list

test:  theano theano function for theano variables that are theano before the test .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  make   variant
truth:  simplify   a

test:  hash a password for ldap ldap user .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  function   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  decodes a entity_pb .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  make   metadata
truth:  prepares   null

test:  x: a theano variable y: a theano variable expr: a theano expression involving x and y x_value: a numpy value y_value: a numpy value returns the value of keys in
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test error regression problem function .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   type
truth:  using   test

test:  convert the input value into a boolean like so: >> make_boolean true >> .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  if   value
truth:  parse   parse

test:  write the site-wide packet to socket .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   null

test:  same as f() .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  call the standard output of the command line accessor .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  code   null
truth:  predefined   return

test:  ensure that the named job is absent .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  function   a
truth:  read   a

test:  delete the pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  deletes   custom
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  run a series of all of the given command .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  catch   a
truth:  create   a

test:  de-allocate a floating ip .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  join a function in a breadth-first .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that config file should return no config file names .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  is   null

test:  function that measures the target entropy for the given target + a list of target values .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  logistic loss function .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  compute   error
truth:  computes   null

test:  list all values of a sequence .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  get all policy names from a user .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use this decorator to expose views that enables versioned objects .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  bind a socket to a free family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find the value of a given attribute .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   find
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test classes classes .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   x
truth:  test   classes

test:  return the region of a phone number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   find

test:  set the audio output to which level file .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  plot the data in the edges of a network image .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  takes   convert
truth:  generate   a

test:  take a string and a rational and return its first one .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  helper function to create a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  runs   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a string to stdout .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  encode the given type for inclusion .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns the size of the device size .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator that checks if the user is logged in .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates multiple ngram set .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  extract   a

test:  bind the given value to a ckan clause .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  bind   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a np .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  function to return the cumulative product of a gaussian distribution .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  takes a soundcloud filename and returns a snippets or an [xmlschema-2] string .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  fixture providing a temporary directory path .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  work   routes
truth:  returns   a

test:  reads the default config file from the given list of values .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return the ssh host from the xenapi host reference .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an alias containing the given tbl .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   http

test:  return a json result from a response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  errors   response
truth:  given   null

test:  write graph g in multiline format to path .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  integrate   graph
truth:  write   null

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake config stub object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return directory where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the alternating group of order n as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  this is a helper function that teardown error handler for sys .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  deserialize   waits
truth:  generate   a

test:  read the location line from a file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  return   find
truth:  compute   md5

test:  looks up a line into a string with newline separated by the space .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  text   null
truth:  text   text

test:  get the keys of an object as a dict .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  return   value
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects faces in the file located in the given image .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   email
truth:  detects   faces

test:  returns a list of table names sorted by catalog .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a format string for the given date format .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  make the minimal api for the given thread .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  update   set
truth:  set   set

test:  read assorted data from a document tree .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  post   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  ignores   a

test:  return a random job based on the prefix .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks that given value is a percent of percent .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  check   check

test:  return the date between units and locator .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write data to xml .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  write   data
truth:  writes   null

test:  return true if user_id_or_name can be a zipfile .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   null
truth:  see   null

test:  fetches all log of the startup startup .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  joins   snapshots
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return mntd .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  function   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  return list of indent to use in *code* .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  sort   prefix
truth:  return   a

test:  testing the proposed quotes at double quotes within double quotes and quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  revoke panel in panel to the default panel .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   null
truth:  revoke   task

test:  return the attributes of the given object .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  given   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a python command .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  command   a
truth:  start   a

test:  show social auth current user .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  null   slashes
truth:  load   current

test:  checks that the test needs to be saved .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  raises   null

test:  tests serializing table with data values for a column .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  if   input
truth:  null   null

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   mock
truth:  mock   mock

test:  parse a string of the tokens from a list of tuples .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  takes   details
truth:  parses   parses

test:  add the space or a "user" namespace to the space .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  add   add
truth:  populate   populate

test:  return an encoded string given the contents of the given file .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  filename   returns
truth:  base64   base64

test:  cast an argument to an integer or int .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  formats a timestamp to a time in tasks .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  format   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  renders a template that displays the rendering messages .
truth: show django . 
test:  render   null
truth:  show   django

test:  returns true if the given path is within the given dir .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  detect   null

test:  run a function and return the results .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  run   get
truth:  given   a

test:  language: pt-br -> language at french .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  reset warning behavior to the warning .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  creates   helper
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 -> files .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   new
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  setup logging for the script .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  required   logger
truth:  logging   logging

test:  return the list of the progress paths to the given path .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of majority and a series of the labels .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  count   tasks
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  congestion section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  updating   calling
truth:  control   control

test:  return default colormap for handlers that detects the following plus all handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  default   a
truth:  null   handlers

test:  checks the user for the current user or none if it originated .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   user

test:  create a generator of characters .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  move to the end of the most recent history .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  saving   accept
truth:  search   search

test:  return the json file location .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  return   return

test:  load the grunfeld data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  djangos   djangos
truth:  default   default

test:  runs quick on a shell command .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure the user is in string .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  null   user
truth:  return   a

test:  test installing from a pypi pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  test   check
truth:  installing   test

test:  decorator to check if the stack does not have a stack .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a dict describing step key .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a list of supported instance ids .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  sort   sorting
truth:  null   method

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   pprint
truth:  return   return

test:  compute log of input likelihood and log the mean .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalize   compute
truth:  normalize   x

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  profile line using profile function .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a binary string to a unicode string .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the file is compilable .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the --help .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  name   null
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   mapnode
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  performs a permission requests with the given signature .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  executes the user for a single filename .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  executes   parses
truth:  like   like

test:  statement : bad&rule .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   statement

test:  this waits for the extra attributes into something and virtualbox if you want to this this if you cant load a deferred if its a deferred .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  null   field

test:  reverse that image data from show to be used with lazy or write a flags: image .
truth: return major . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load a file from the file .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if primer was initiated from primer .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  raises   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if the edit view should be used .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the generic distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  null   counter
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  use an text to safe native text .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  null   try
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the current ethernet response for a given value .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   find

test:  join the given string .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  finds the class registered for the given alias or alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  create new _get if it has been modified .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a secure record for what documents are necessary .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  query   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  test digital which allows a normal source file which applies to target .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  test   test
truth:  create   a

test:  write out the database file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  write   null
truth:  generate   info

test:  return whether a given tool has a datasource tool .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  compute   functions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the draft version for the given location .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   run
truth:  module   module

test:  check if signal is converted to a scipy system .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a hook for methods that automatically handles a class to issue a report .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  report   hook
truth:  hook   hook

test:  sort the natural string .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  splits   sort
truth:  applies   a

test:  finds all configs in the given list of configs .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  check   load
truth:  if   checks

test:  override the theme class to define a theme class .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  context   redirect
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag to the given httpresponse object: if it isnt already .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  stream   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  return a list of all tests found in the given directory .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  ensure   find
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get element from nested list .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  return   return
truth:  nested   get

test:  parse the headers from a matrix header into a dictionary .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  null   parser

test:  returns a list of unique elements of the provided groups .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  null   null
truth:  map   map

test:  lock the given file descriptor .
truth: lock file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  file   file

test:  this function converts the given hash token to the given hash token .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  -   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the wcs records for a particular instance .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  add given suffix to given file object by given string .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  add   directory
truth:  returns   a

test:  set a new home directory if set to true .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  change   change

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  to   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return a human readable string .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  return   subroutine
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a composite transform from the config arguments .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  arrays   shortcut
truth:  create   a

test:  add an element to the list table .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  tests whether a specific number of nan .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a list of keys of values .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the default widget type .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  remove   default
truth:  to   null

test:  cut the chaining .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  return   a

test:  compare two independent objects on a grayscale image .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  put   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unregister a comma-separated specifier .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   like
truth:  verify   a

test:  direct the lists in the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   get
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  wrapper around move that initializes items from tasks to general middleware .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  performs   item
truth:  null   item

test:  wait for calls to become available on waits .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  func   null
truth:  func   func

test:  unpack lines that occur from rexp .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  null   text
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  a helper function that validates whether or not .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the description for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment details view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an unused port on localhost on ipv6 .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system in maintenance mode mode cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  take   null

test:  return a continued matrix in rfc 2822 encoding .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function to convenience convenience function returning a boolean item .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generate points for unity .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generate   sample
truth:  points   points

test:  create a new breadcrumbs .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   entry
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the loops list of the loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   method
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a random integer value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses the given data and fills it with the go compliant .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  parses   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a dict .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  to   function

test:  yield recwarn instances .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a dict with information about the group .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  change   a
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  change radio group by 2 .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  change   helper
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm events from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   scheduler
truth:  read   lsm

test:  return the working directory path .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   current

test:  preload the song delay override of disabled delay data .
truth: get streams . 
test:  output   pick
truth:  get   streams

test:  returns an email with no unit units in the given unit .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  stack   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require the system user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  compute the __pycache__ types of two given expressions .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  match   return
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if the tour tour tour tour .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the spherical spherical rectangle of the given rectangle .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  calculate   texture
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the given url is a language .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to compute ricatti-bessel function of the first kind .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  name   uses
truth:  null   numbers

test:  send notification to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  performs   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  make a wsgi thread .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the name for the given phonenumber .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  create   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to get user api error and subscriptions it does not change subscriptions .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  given a url that may or may not have a query and a query parameters .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  helper for has_repository_dependencies .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks to see if a device is virtio .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  validates that the given key exists in the list of key names .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  if   function
truth:  validate   validate

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse the given string into a host .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  return the specified boot zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  start   loop
truth:  boot   boot

test:  uses the wire wire reference to parse a graph .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  return   output
truth:  load   graph

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig uuid specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  get   reference

test:  differentiate and evaluate a polynomial in x_j in x_j .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  order   order

test:  goals goals .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  constrained   cover
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  set the current rc rc group .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a single doctype for this document .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  get   doctype
truth:  return   a

test:  get the value to the metrics file .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   show
truth:  get   get

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  returns true if ip is a host .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  if   null
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  show the list of encoder .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  read   image
truth:  show   show

test:  check if a directive directive matches the specified directive .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  adds the given item to the list of dicts .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  returns the path of the html file .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  find   path
truth:  map   a

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in continuewhile .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   docstring
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return all packages names to modules directory .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  finds the elements of the input array and returns it formatted as a tuple of zeros .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  convert   like
truth:  like   like

test:  get the float value of the wrapped type .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  wrapped   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  install the zfs on the given distribution .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   zfs

test:  create an organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  build function that tests that build the failure and linenumber into the function .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  function   create
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether the data are present in the current flash messages .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  milestone add .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   milestone

test:  filter out private items in the consumer dict .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  given a constraint or a function .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  correct   null
truth:  given   a

test:  default zone .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  choose   paths
truth:  default   default

test:  concatenate two numbers .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  provides   truncate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  converts etree subscription to an subscription subscription .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  takes   parse
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  callback   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload files to nt .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   optimisation
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test simple c++11 .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  inverse operation for drawing carlo assumes we have a single channel .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch the remote refs from the repo .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  objects   objects

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  checks if a python source has been retrieved .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  if   results
truth:  source   source

test:  returns the number of sss rates for the first word in inside the word .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  returns   cci
truth:  get   get

test:  get hosts from local file .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   get

test:  plots a line to a server .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman or rectangular window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  cast an enum to int or int value .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  query   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  flatten a variable from a team structure .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  recursive function for ignore only 0s .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  used to remove a validating flag from the registered property .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  null   null
truth:  destroy   session

test:  gets the list of named nodes from the given graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the url for the given image .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  prefix the value in a vector or its value .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  splits   equivalent
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert an image to a network input image .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  completes the contents of the current python attribute .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  complete   string
truth:  based   null

test:  create a bound method for a given function .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   magic

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  get the list of resources for a resource .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  switch the current working directory .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  switch   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this check ensures that the result is exact on a tensor .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get markdown words from c++ file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find ssh ssh server to start with a specific system .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  retrieve all the system roles .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  perform the difference of collected and returns the difference of the problem_raw_score_changed when the future ax^2 out of the future of the last couchbase .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  checks if the incoming matches the given arguments and match any arguments .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  to   handle
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a random integer number that can be used to random an array of different values for the number of different functions .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  find   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns true if given stream is valid .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a database object .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this returns the first support of the git command .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  takes   action
truth:  git   git

test:  check replacing datetimes methods which proper only captures this once .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  test   url
truth:  to   test

test:  implement function to define a module in the given module argument .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  header   null
truth:  define   a

test:  set a key/value pair in memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  this should be able to test the timeout of the time .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  null   doctest
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of items of nodes by each entry in the each string .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test missing argument when not specifically .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  missing   case
truth:  show   show

test:  creates a docker token for the given keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  find   attempts
truth:  based   null

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  stub to set up gui size .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch changes from a working directory .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  remote   get
truth:  changes   changes

test:  logs tests .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  return   log
truth:  log   history

test:  main command .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  execute   point
truth:  using   testing

test:  takes a user .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  to   return
truth:  call   call

test:  returns true if point is a tuple of one-element .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{list} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  downgrade assets by removing the auto_close_date column .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  work   assets
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  allows allows a same as square .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  seeks a movie stream to a particular audio stream .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  callback   method
truth:  called   null

test:  usage: {% page_permissions page as active page %} .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  index   response
truth:  usage   usage

test:  inject tags into the database .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  create   null
truth:  injects   null

test:  test no bundle if not provided .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  error   create
truth:  missing   a

test:  given metadata .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  merges   update
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update the daemons configuration .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  update   update
truth:  config   config

test:  check that the caller requests at the given role and raises a new caller .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  check   check
truth:  function   function

test:  used by other process when the function from the current device .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  view   returns
truth:  null   builder

test:  determine if the directory is running in the current subdirectory .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  if   null
truth:  given   a

test:  create and optional a double frame for the given frame .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  create   a

test:  given a string .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  =   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve the value of a querydict attribute from the request .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  get   return
truth:  called   method

test:  set the gpu fraction of the gpu -> none .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  set   pcontracts
truth:  set   set

test:  if output is a document .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  extended   snapshots
truth:  append   append

test:  calculate the list of groups for a particular group .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  null   up
truth:  null   groups

test:  return the sum of objects returned by the given attribute .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculates the host size of the host size .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a stack order fashion .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   add
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dll name to a dll value .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   dll

test:  add loop output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  filter items in a collection of filters .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  filter   params
truth:  filter   filter

test:  reload the given template .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   new

test:  computes the three central power of the experiment transformation .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the id of the given site .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   randomly
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the name of the backend handling this request .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  backend   backend

test:  pack the data for all of the images in images .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  kill a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  require   reverse
truth:  kill   kill

test:  get the key for the private key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   comparison

test:  return the number of all country codes that depend on the country code in the source where the country is the country code is the country code is a phone
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  traverses the management api id to return a dict of the profile id .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  given a sequence of characters .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  join   join

test:  checks the limit of documents is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to the scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the comma-separated attribute of a given tree .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  annotate   traffic
truth:  set   set

test:  run metagenomeseqs css normalization through rscript .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   script
truth:  run   run

test:  find a directory for a specified path .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  find   expand
truth:  supplied   null

test:  restrict forward to sensor space .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  copy   helper
truth:  restrict   null

test:  reads traffic server configuration .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  ssh   read
truth:  read   traffic

test:  create a new addon for the given addon .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set up any entities to the specified settings .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  normalize   structure
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  retrieve the resource if the given doc is available .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the elements of a variable without the keys in the arguments .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  config   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  renders the given arguments as callable and returns the result as the callable string .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  rendering   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the index of a binary search for a given type .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  maps   filter
truth:  get   a

test:  create all interesting paths and saving them .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  sorts the given mapping of size by a given cluster .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  check if ufunc is installed and can be refactored .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  match   null
truth:  null   variant

test:  download and handle a video from a queue .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test edf with edf .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  find   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  file   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the project type .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  limit number of dates for a goal of bits and end .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  get eip on all documentation .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  null   eip
truth:  error   error

test:  same as _find_sr but raises a vdis if they are not patch .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  it does upgrade a dependency does upgrade upgrade .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  check   null
truth:  does   null

test:  add intersections from loops into the loops .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  port of the given target .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  header   a
truth:  unmount   a

test:  convert a worksheet .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  avoid   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  raise 405 if request header .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if the current transaction is a shell needed .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  updates the specified followers .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  make   episode
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a list of images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  entry point for bin/* script .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  null   admin
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  extract a list of argument names from the following broker .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  a list of orbits for a strong or strong generating .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  return   domain
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  thin wrapper around six .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  string   convert
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generates a set of steps and create a graph to each graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given file has hidden permissions .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  try to find out the list of parsing objects that can be read from a file .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  import   print
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  return the cover of the given image file or directory if it does not exist .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  lock   find
truth:  find   a

test:  print a notification list of users .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   version
truth:  print   a

test:  create a tree tree from a tree of node .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   build
truth:  create   a

test:  format the only public messages into a dictionary .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  format   a
truth:  pass   in

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the schema schema that looks like the given schema .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a token given an oauth token .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  raise exception if resource is custom .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  handles   return
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  associate media instance in media library the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  play   media
truth:  get   media

test:  dynamically loads all the list of services into the given directory .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  appends   text
truth:  given   null

test:  get connection info .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  get   release
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get the loop from the circle intersection loops .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  strips the first character at the end of the string .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  obscures   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  marathon when it is able to cleanup .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  list all known plugins .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  null   integer
truth:  provide   information

test:  receives the problem_weighted_score_changed signal sent by studio when a course is not yet been generated .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  adds   get
truth:  display   display

test:  the linear inequality constraint estimator .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get absolute path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   directory
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   element
truth:  increments   element

test:  converts an integer to file descriptor or file descriptor .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  bytes   function
truth:  return   a

test:  show the configuration from the specified network device cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  to   show
truth:  return   a

test:  this function gets the standard py or in exec .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  to   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  run a module in the local directory .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  start   runs
truth:  execute   a

test:  convenience function for parse_folder() a daemon daemon .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  header   a
truth:  display   a

test:  verify if we have the paths of the provided config .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  list all file names in a directory .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  takes   open
truth:  scan   a

test:  decodes a entity_pb .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  sets   keys
truth:  go   null

test:  clone() class decorator for tests that require volumeservice and convenience .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the given body body is empty .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a file to the cached location .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  internal method to resolve the current connection .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  cleanup   return
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  create   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  log   send
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   p
truth:  p   p

test:  compute the euclidean distances between x and y .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  time   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  format message into a message .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  format   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if path does not exist .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  apply metadata for /path/to/* .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  ensure   pool
truth:  null   null

test:  finds the list of unstaged changes to the given folder .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  walk   null

test:  return information about the max objects for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   show
truth:  return   return

test:  embed an image into the specified archive file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   current
truth:  embed   album

test:  get the binary file name for a given module .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  get   remove
truth:  grab   null

test:  returns first n items of iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  remove all rules from the list of rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  list   return
truth:  using   null

test:  performs a mesh by structure .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   sparse

test:  returns the value of the logarithm of integer b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert list to string .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  like   shows
truth:  returns   a

test:  build the default template for a given template .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  convert a long to list of dicts of utf-7 .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  string   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a rule name .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   null
truth:  add   add

test:  returns an absolute uri for a given module .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return a dict of the specified vnc .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ignore error message and error message if the exception exception occurs .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  provides   error
truth:  check   check

test:  set the aesthetic bit of the history .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   environment
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns the stack trace in stack .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  to   class
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  initialize the vm resource handler .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the description for this get the layer .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  iterate over the randomized value of the given record .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  start   null
truth:  solves   problem

test:  request a task to be rescored as any email being generated in studio .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  rule : rule | rule | rule | rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  generate   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   length
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply list of refs to all the template tag .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  null   a
truth:  modify   null

test:  test parsing of rgb image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  test   a

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   return

test:  converts loc vector to binary representation .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  to   logs
truth:  convert   a

test:  capture the responder by tests to the responder .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  resets   color
truth:  hook   hook

test:  select the services services from the given service catalog .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  function   a
truth:  select   null

test:  read -> string return the open file size and encoding as a unicode string .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  filename   lines
truth:  read   read

test:  send translations from translation to translation dict .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  send   translations
truth:  translated   append

test:  get global configuration directory .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   users

test:  provides the legacy qos policy associated with given volume group .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  get   return
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the first item in the list for what every element in the list is true .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  s   returns
truth:  execute   something

test:  helper function for tricomi reimplement distribution .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  null   derivative

test:  returns a random # of the given length .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture to setup the cpu backend before running a test .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  to   up
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  ask for a separator .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  int   number
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines if the qurl is a naive url .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  checks   test
truth:  check   check

test:  convert an integer to a string of n this is a clever clever by exact division .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  find   find

test:  get the round .
truth: get the round . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  update the main process of the given dataset .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  update   update
truth:  to   function

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  utility function that converts the access to a string .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  transform   transform

test:  perform a gluster action on the repositories .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  looks up a pprint .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   dict

test:  start the logistic model and targets are vectors in the model .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  -   -

test:  determines if a file has a given file .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  function   return
truth:  if   check

test:  send an email from a warning .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  send   null
truth:  email   email

test:  converts a unix datetime to a datetime object .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  is   null

test:  dynamically load the module from the local module .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   probability

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  helper function for computing response normalization .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   response

test:  this function will build the list of locations that can be sent to the json string .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  uses   authentication
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the node boundary of nodes and compute the height .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test drawing with fixed bound for fixed bound to print single output and bound .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   validationshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  print a list of subfolders .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  alias for allowed .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  null   chunks
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the object is an instance of a field errors .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a dictionary with keys of the given list of values .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  find   try
truth:  like   like

test:  cast a separate configuration .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  signals -> dict like djangos but only handles the queue creation for the specified user .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  validates   emails
truth:  null   queue

test:  return the python tim cli example: .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the number of sync sync with the given date .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  generate   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  applies a function on a clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if all white helper looks like a line .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a task for students whose user will not have students as students .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  returns the weekday used for observances .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  if   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate an generates a query to include a list of images .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check that the value of the database is very random .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  sends stdout on support .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  disable   null

test:  given a list of users .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   a

test:  return true if we are a datetime .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if running from the idle .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  usage: the firewall-cmd commands of installed packages .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  iterates   updates
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns the list of all the attributes for a given domain .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a wrapper for classes that coerces a nested object into a single object .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  obj   obj

test:  monitor service via daemontools .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  ensure   disk
truth:  get   get

test:  initializes the python interpreter of the ipython session .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  start   point
truth:  construct   new

test:  write a file to the filename in this git .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  generate the default instance to generate a new instance .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  go   linear
truth:  xml   xml

test:  displays the verisure .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  null   text
truth:  tell   null

test:  wait until a specific predicate has been reached .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  if   null
truth:  wait   up

test:  produce the soft properties for the given properties of soft properties .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  create   code
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns a list of tasks .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  get   configuration
truth:  null   method

test:  delete content elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if an environment installed by 149 .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check if the node is booting and is a match .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  update   null
truth:  if   check

test:  setup the snmp component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  returns true if the given node is a super super .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: rich-text-publisher this plugin allows you to define the build number of the ui number of this job to create the build step .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   null

test:  migrate a package version .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  migrate   version
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  code   function
truth:  sends   null

test:  validate a logger uri path and get the logger .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  require the oracle release .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   format
truth:  require   null

test:  return the version of dnsmasq cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the fake ring in the /dev .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  write   build
truth:  null   pretty

test:  produce nodes in a depth-first-search pre-ordering starting from source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  backward matches matches a blockdev using the course_ids relation -- the backward relation of a message .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  evoked   null
truth:  translated   matches

test:  rectified linear unit tensors tensors .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  value   kernel
truth:  square   square

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  create a virtual machine on a vm .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate the 3x3 3x3 3x3 matrix for a particular axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  stochastic relative strength index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   price
truth:  null   null

test:  get the branch name corresponding to the request .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume an iterator .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  format   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a json so that it can be converted to a python dictionary .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  cast   value
truth:  value   value

test:  function that want to use the malformed function .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  link   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  blocking call to make a variable into a variable .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  to   null
truth:  blocking   non

test:  given a string .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  pull   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  perform tidy and return the resulting fragment .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  check   function
truth:  null   a

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   circle
truth:  generate   generate

test:  checks whether the process with a given process is a my process .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a cumulative integer array with the given width .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  dataset   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a storage storage instance .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  loads the given configuration from the given node .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  install   chocolatey
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  extract a file from the package that was available .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the mongo options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for a graylevel image in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to add substitute on a list of substitute .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  func   a
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download filename from file .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   filename
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  make a template class for a given *typ* with the given *typ* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if the given template matches the specified project .
truth: test if . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  if   test

test:  add an user like an object .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  add   user
truth:  add   a

test:  expands expands setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  makes a class out of a class .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  warn   compute
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the sign sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the default value of the default yarncluster .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  sets modified on the local objects on the database .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  set   set
truth:  modified   sets

test:  utility function that instantiates the nearest info and returns a deferred value .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  extract   build
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  registers a namespace stanza into the folders .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  register   register
truth:  associate   a

test:  read all files under the given directory .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  function   a
truth:  finds   violations

test:  returns the of the dll dll of a set of file .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  find   searches
truth:  looks   null

test:  converts a tuple into a tuple .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  print the major status code .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return a configured oslo_messaging notifier .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert list to nearest nearest algorithms -> predicate .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  list   up
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  remove keys from the dictionary .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  to   keys
truth:  emit   null

test:  connect to server and return the certificate sni sni .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator that makes sure the actual toplevel is passed to the function with the passed name is not prior to be passed in .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  function   use
truth:  enables   a

test:  associate event instance from media list on event %s the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  tell   event
truth:  get   get

test:  take an object and retrieve the dimension .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  return   null
truth:  correct   correct

test:  delete the contents of the given topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  project   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for the credential helper .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  used only on the wrapped server when the decorated test .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the homogeneity and completeness score the input array is the number of true positives .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   labels
truth:  null   metric

test:  definition : definition | definition_type | right | nonassoc .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   split
truth:  null   null

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  append the logging tested to the end of its recently url .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  replaces   scale
truth:  complete   null

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in radians .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  find   get
truth:  get   path

test:  return a string with milliseconds datetime in seconds since the epoch .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all backups .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the absolute path to the directory of a path .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  like   null
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  determine   polynomial
truth:  order   order

test:  check the precision vector is positive-definite .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   a

test:  update information about the specified server .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  update   update
truth:  server   server

test:  find the first word in a sentence .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   image

test:  the main function of the y_t function .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   integers

test:  this function will 500 all requests to the technical api call .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  code   null
truth:  create   a

test:  verifies that the given element is an instance of because we can complete .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  retrieves single group type by name .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email to the initiator of a list of confirmation email address .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  adds a custom argument to the whole argument .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  adds   a

test:  make the flat escape values passed to the mandlebrot array .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  generates   get
truth:  constructs   null

test:  used for building environment vars .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  read   proxy

test:  reads all images in an image viewer .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  return   download
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   group
truth:  remove   group

test:  return a list of paths to dotted .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  detects   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  to see if a loop is a list of lists .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  null   new
truth:  build   a

test:  load the entry from the distributions .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  load   load
truth:  name   name

test:  check if a value is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   compute
truth:  given   a

test:  yield iterator of data from http response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the given activity type exists .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  return   check
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the user opener associated with the given section_key .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  complete   configuration
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  get the base type for a given base name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns details of the environment .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get transformed path from key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   paths
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor or variable .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  elementwise   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all flags from the given feature .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a bpf object .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  check that roundtrip is installed and it is present .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return a duplicate duplicate key function for every group .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  get   a
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that lists into a proper scalar .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and relative path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets the value of a given type .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  step   return
truth:  arg   arg

test:  run a cache disk in cache .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  deprecated   decorator
truth:  caching   null

test:  list all themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  display   display

test:  get the list of serving serving for the given pid .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  retrieve   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  convert raw data structure to amount of group prefixed with each group .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  verify that the given list is valid .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   authorization

test:  repeat -> boolean like a theano scalar axis this function is the index of a theano variables .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  repeat   a
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return a list of the running service statuses .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   -
truth:  renders   a

test:  this function determines whether or not to restart a file .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  load   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a list_user_unsubscribed event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  append the text to the queue .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  append   a
truth:  append   literal

test:  get the current version of the package .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a helper function to create the value for a clsid .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  reads f from standard rte .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  outputs   template
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a shell-like glob glob pattern to a regular expression; .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  formats a datetime .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  function   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : plist rpar | minus float .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  return list of fields given a model path relative to the given model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  reset warnings .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  multiprocessing   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  return the real host for the given wsgi environment .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  retrieve   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  generate the random filename name for the specified extension .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a package with a specific module .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  require   package
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return an array of args .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a key is a valid cypher .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a authorized test .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ssh-keyscan -> str return a tuple .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  coerce   a
truth:  coerce   null

test:  close file descriptor .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  null   null
truth:  file   file

test:  perform command .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  validate   commands
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator only .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  write a tree to a given stream .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  write   null

test:  return the string that matches the input string .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  return   dictionary
truth:  find   find

test:  generate a srt of sjson strings and output the given list of sjson sjson .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  output   time
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  returns the markup filter as a dictionary whose keys are the first letter name is the display value of the current sites filter .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the settings for a given user_id .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  load the modules from the supplied compiler .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   in
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  loads an object from a file .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  read   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  wrap the given function in a class to the given cell .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drop   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  try to get the current dropbox folder for the given host .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  to   get
truth:  to   try

test:  page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  change   converts
truth:  rendered   page

test:  map the list of inputs to the inputs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  provide   replaces
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  extracts the specified provider value from the given provider .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extracts   value
truth:  value   value

test:  test the clickableimage .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  test   null
truth:  visualize   null

test:  returns true if the current user is a contributor for groups .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   changes
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a tuple of two node numbers .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  return   equivalent
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given an xml file .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  iterate   register
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct public key for a given template .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  return the html name for the given section of the given section .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   part
truth:  return   a

test:  return the class corresponding to the given object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to indicate that the wrapped wrapped when the wrapped function is called .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait for the specified file to become available on disk .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate the same result of the focus function .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a request with the specified name .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  create   null
truth:  run   a

test:  given a socket .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  calling static pairs and a static static static static files .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  compute a list of samples for a set of channels .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  makes   call
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  returns a list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert filename to pathlist .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the cli configuration .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  null   watch
truth:  null   entry

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  remove a file .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  null   method

test:  utility method designed to make sure the 2 and sort of strings s1 .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  function   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the unitary .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of ports ports and a list of security groups .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  validates that a password from permissions is valid .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  converts any given object to a datetime object .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url into a single url .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  call incremental .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   unit
truth:  run   unit

test:  returns a list of the names of all the extensions that are supported on this system .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  does   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the local object info .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  traverse the given warning .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  traverse   returns
truth:  traverse   a

test:  iterates over markdown .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  requests   markdown
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  check the first element in the tree .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  enforce   a

test:  convert the integer into a descriptor .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   opposite

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compute targets for an image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test uninstalling package .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  test   uninstall
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  gzip -> csv file and return the csv representation as a file .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  resizes   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  this should give a scipy to find the scipy .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  use   change
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as json .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   indent
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a slice of the requested limit .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate sample order for use in order to compute adjacency order of uniform .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  calculate   number
truth:  null   null

test:  adds original tuple to the original mapping .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  support   support

test:  split a list of array at breaks .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  decodes unicode strings and returns a unicode object .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  like   like

test:  get list of configured receivers .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  return a decorator that ensures that the decorated model is used in this context .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  allow   dispatch
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a break with extensions that is located with the given shortest volume .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  takes   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the markdown indicating markdown .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  render   render

test:  do any work necessary to prepare the jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  do   null

test:  execute the execute order on the input operation .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  executes   average
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  stop the specified target information .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  return the names and prepare the list of paths to the target directory .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  generates   a

test:  log into critical and log which will be used in critical .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  set the public class for the given job id .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  add   a
truth:  enables   null

test:  converts all keys in a dictionary to str type parameters d : dictionary returns prec : dictionary with keys keys .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test plotting of epochs .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  fix a 2-tuple of bytes from a stride .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  apply   fix
truth:  fix   fix

test:  make sure the given structure is grouping .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  output   output

test:  call the rest command with the given arguments using the given arguments .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   question
truth:  run   run

test:  find if the given class instance is unique .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   return
truth:  find   find

test:  pad out data to a specific latest version of x .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  pads   data
truth:  apply   standard

test:  given the tag .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return for routes objects .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the list of strings into a single list of functions .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  convert   replace
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a tensor filled with binomial distribution # arguments shape: a given variable .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  instantiates   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  an http request .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  ssh   a
truth:  processes   a

test:  get the standby timeout setting of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   print
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate all rst from the given example .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generates   transform
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the file name .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieve quota usage by resource_id and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  perform   resource
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create a lag port .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  open a file using binary and return the descriptor .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  return the list of the standard deviation from the given list of standard deviation .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  list   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for testing .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  list all print .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   services
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes the string remove from the right of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return the information of the named package(s) installed on the system .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  run   items
truth:  function   function

test:  add the members from the group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   remove
truth:  add   members

test:  assert-like decorator that marks a function to be called from a server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a *fd* iterable to the divides tree .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  add   add

test:  return true if the object is a reduced object .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  link   a
truth:  to   predicate

test:  leaves transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  get the release spectrogram spectrogram .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compare two rows .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  null   check
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  load a file from a file .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return the shortcut associated with the current request .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  uses the full browser browser to parse the command and return the value of the executable .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  run   run
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  change   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  indent a string .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  text   indent
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a tenant to a flavor access list .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  get information on a docstrings based on a system data .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  returns   host
truth:  provide   grains

test:  deletes tidy .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  release   context
truth:  release   release

test:  return a dict with keys of the current user .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  return   show
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the nest thermostat thermostats .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  mark an attribute on the given instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  deletes   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  edit an existing check .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  source   edit
truth:  source   source

test:  returns the version of the named version .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  log request .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  request   file
truth:  add   a

test:  require a opkg package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   package
truth:  require   a

test:  is the given: in the given: itself .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function expect a numpy to see if it can be a unarchiving format .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pretty print the filesize of a file .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  format   file
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the given cors is the allowed .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  if   check

test:  save an image to disk parameters upper-left : image to load plugin image : file or pil .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  compute   load
truth:  load   load

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  returns the script name for a given module name .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   script

test:  get the value of a section in the configuration file .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  value   value

test:  create a random string of alphanumeric characters .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  check that the back from the target ports are referenced and that it lists from the end of the access ports .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  construct   shows
truth:  null   a

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  decorator to set methods using methods in self .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  define   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  null   frills

test:  given a list of the following iterations and the corresponding structure .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  copy   binary
truth:  iterate   a

test:  get the last value of the text .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   parses
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  penn treebank vocabulary and creates a single word .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  get   a
truth:  load   load

test:  determine whether line contains an arbitrary line .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the size of a field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  this is the main function to send an index to a list of all exploits attempts to a single transaction .
truth: index handler . 
test:  function   null
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  perform a hacker leastsq -> respective .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  null   options
truth:  solve   solve

test:  decorator for a function that returns a decorator that can be used in the cache .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  set location of the location to prevent location into the parser .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return a dictionary with the elements of c{d} .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merges   merge
truth:  merge   one

test:  convenience function to check if a original exists .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  test   starting
truth:  test   test

test:  notify systemd to see if systemd is installed .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  execute   send
truth:  null   null

test:  cast an object to a json .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  cast   function
truth:  null   method

test:  list principal policies cli example: salt myminion salt myminion principal salt myminion boto_elasticache .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   entities
truth:  list   list

test:  convert from json .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  convert   line
truth:  if   returns

test:  given a set of keywords .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  extracts   return
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  performs a single file with the given value .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  makes sure that the pointer is rewritten .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  determines   test
truth:  running   in

test:  check if the file is a zip of file .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  display information about the python 2 .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a gtk for a gtk decision .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing status section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  routing   stack
truth:  routing   area

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic axes with second elements and fft .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a new :class:command .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the most recent word .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  if   get
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  sends a repository to the junos repository .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  to   update
truth:  apply   apply

test:  export a csv file to csv .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   data

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a given show name is enabled .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  return   check
truth:  list   a

test:  install a given virtual machine id using the name of the given virtual machine id of the given virtual host .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  report report on arbitrary platform .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  return   timestamp
truth:  null   information

test:  get the cluster id for the given cluster .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  function   function

test:  attempts to gather an update with a afe pattern .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  grabs   a
truth:  visit   visit

test:  create and return the first parameter name .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  go   lists
truth:  null   null

test:  remove boldface indentation from docstring *s* .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  dedent   text
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the separate inset loops from the loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  output   get
truth:  get   get

test:  true if the value represents a boolean .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  return   a

test:  determine if a file is a continuous ticket or reverted .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the glut event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  initialize the database .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  retrieve absolute gateway to the working module .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of existing figure groups .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the redis connection from the config .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects image in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   text
truth:  labels   labels

test:  decodes a klass from a document_pb .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  analyzes the path to the analysis arguments: tex_root -- the tex root as a string if you use the view instead .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resource header .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  header   crud
truth:  header   header

test:  combine data from data .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  left   null

test:  check that methods do not have the hyphen .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   find
truth:  check   no

test:  signature a serialized serialized serialized file .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  validate   returns
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create new media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the given html with json objects .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  returns   python

test:  return a list of the modules specified on the master cli example: .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this tests run .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  using   function
truth:  if   null

test:  intercept calls to intercept refs with the wrapped error handling .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  validate that the permissions for an activity_dict set .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  set   current
truth:  validate   validate

test:  prepare a whole variables from returning a client .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  int   results
truth:  outputs   a

test:  this is the signal that testing the total status of jobid .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  quit   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  initialize the bias sigmoid .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   b

test:  create the process to process a process .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  wait   windows
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a new rnn rnn .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse the rfc1123 to get the rfc1123 date object .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average precision at the end of the indexes k at the end of the principal .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  retrieve a repo tag based on the specified name and the default repo name .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  check if the minimal minimal endpoint is complete .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  payment handler that this avoids the jobs process .
truth: process one link . 
test:  restores   null
truth:  process   one

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-merge(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to the command line .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  print the shell most recent alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  display   prints
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder detects already satisfied using satisfied already satisfied .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that bootstrapping just correctly in bootstrap cases .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   responses
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if the specified fhandle and returns false if it is valid .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  clears   mean
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  convert integer according to method demultiplexed_qual_f: .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calculates a rms and the number of input .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   helper
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  extract the alignment region from the aws alignment region .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test if the repository is remote .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  cleans the securedrop cache of all __context__ in this file .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  unlock   null
truth:  remove   apk

test:  automatically exit the last exit to exit .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi-function with an scgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  test parsing of a view function .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  make   check
truth:  null   message

test:  get the login token and body of the given http body .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rsa_pub_key a pub/sub message to a topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  publish   lists
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieves the list of author structure .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  to   swap
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  to format the master log to f(x) and write it to master .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   group

test:  merge two dictionaries by adding the values .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test function to download and test the download function .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  kill from receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   tests
truth:  do   null

test:  authentication url for http auth .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  function   add
truth:  returns   a

test:  update eeg .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  update   update
truth:  deal   null

test:  resets the module attempts to make it easier to the problem i18n .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  resets   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  look through the next file and returns the next host as a tuple of the last deprecated .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  given   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  check whether a directory in subjects_dir is a bem subject directory .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the hash value for the given value .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  frees   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  retrieve freebsd result from freebsd header .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  update the first job to include the db .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  import   import

test:  decorator that ensures that the user gets logged in to a thread .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  given   null

test:  remove leading and trailing whitespace .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  replace   up
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a string to a port number .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  converts   pretty
truth:  function   function

test:  this function is protected if a site is enabled .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  solves   decode
truth:  to   method

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  start a wsgi-function and start a tcp server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  null   method

test:  benchmark data using the training dataset .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  tests   number
truth:  run   run

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a unicode string .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  put the list of published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   a
truth:  put   a

test:  check that all discrete discrete discrete variables stored in the database .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  set the localectl .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  return a cast based on whether or not .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  determines   null

test:  check that the given class can access to the given class .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  utility function to locates a new directory from the filesystem .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  source   function
truth:  given   null

test:  test io for i/o .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  null   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator to add a simple domain to the domain domain .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  converts a python error into a plain error .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  test that we can load config config .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   planck
truth:  socket   socket

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  look up the supplied entry from the resource is the api .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  create   null
truth:  correct   correct

test:  lists all zones for a project .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  lists   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  encode the given object as defined by rgb8 .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  encode   message
truth:  returns   a

test:  forces or unlocked to be an ndarray of x .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  null   create
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  discard   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks for valid dna characters in barcodes fields also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or barcodes or barcodes .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  iterates over nested list of strings .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  yield   function
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing directory .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  view function which handles a view to confirmation confirmation .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  usage   email
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string to a value suitable for use in tests .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   percent
truth:  time   time

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  check that the portage package is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates a specific zone for each zone .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  update   configuration
truth:  null   configuration

test:  create a decorator; object .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  encode the given file as read and return the named file .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  load   method
truth:  object   object

test:  checks if printing should be tabs .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  unsigned c{int} kernel .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  launch   version
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if mdata-list is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade bill .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  parses   djangos
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  only work on gentoo systems with gentoolkit installed .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   service

test:  creates a compositelayer wrapping two mlp with flattener layers .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the urls that is configured with this process .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  takes   urls
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure master is slaveof .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  set   set

test:  add a new campaign .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  set the layers .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  set   loop
truth:  parse   svg

test:  create a k[x] polynomial of a dict from a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for the specified return true if the expected expected to become a status .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  colorize the google analytics with the given style .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  patch   null
truth:  search   search

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  return the file in the docker-compose file if it doesnt exist .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  load   default
truth:  load   a

test:  make matched text groups .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  displays the web page for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  return a dict of files to find the timeouts file .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  conditional formatting rule based on cell contents .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  creates   formatting
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return true if source can connect to the given source .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   changes
truth:  call   call

test:  determine if the current time is in utc or current time .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   return

test:  prints out what items of a given width .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  prints   returns
truth:  null   utility

test:  setup signal .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  move   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delete specific specs item .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return all contents of the virtual host verbose verbose .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  show   get
truth:  return   a

test:  list installed perl modules .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wait until a task has been written .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  make sure a unicode string is returned by the indexes .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  save all the runtime .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  like strftime .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  formats   returns
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong object .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  run a command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  -   null
truth:  call   call

test:  return the exception object scans scans .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   logs
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns a list of the changes that the given changes .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   format

test:  parses an events logger .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parses   image
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should extract the correct steps without tags .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the skeleton of the jobs matrix that represent the given list of id_or_symbol(s) or match the given hmm .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  find   open
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  we want to slugify to allow things on some things that are correctly interpreted from acc_type to jinja .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  want   apply
truth:  test   test

test:  look up a versioned document .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  verify   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  if   key
truth:  if   key

test:  rgb to 1) configs .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   image

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set proxy facts if not already present in facts dict args: facts : facts returns: dict: the facts if missing facts .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  sort   session
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  declare   null

test:  take a process and checks to see if a process with the given pid can be used .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  if   return
truth:  use   os

test:  display entities .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  uses   handle
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test that the html table columns in the table table columns with the buffer table columns .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a mysql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to event/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the number formatted so that it is the data in the current time representation into the data float .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   log
truth:  turn   number

test:  return the pip job for a given job id .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  return   join
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator to use computed method to memoize a method on their class .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   standard

test:  update an existing user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns taxa table object detected by sample ids .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  extracts   find
truth:  opens   null

test:  execute a single file or raise if it does not exist .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  context   context
truth:  name   name

test:  adapted from web server .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  get   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return a context manager that swallows the given attribute to the given attribute of each variable .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds an authhandler .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out the version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  encrypts a message .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  encrypts   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a dictionary of cloudtrail representing the non-intersecting keys .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  extracts   a

test:  add a and/or fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  if   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test validation .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a json dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  when or replaces related units .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  resize   update
truth:  related   update

test:  return a new wsgi response object from a response object .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  function   call
truth:  null   null

test:  return the current project objects .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  update   put
truth:  update   update

test:  type_name : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  gets the abs from a relative to the abs .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract volume info from dbms data .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate the compiled test set of parameters .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  test   functions
truth:  is   null

test:  run command .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  run   a

test:  get the list of all available services for this region .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  pass in a runner to the command line kwargs .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  to   options
truth:  given   null

test:  compute square-free part of a polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve the packages which are running from the package .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if current version is supported .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  return a seed attribute of a dictionary .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  return   return

test:  ensures a trained is not a redirection context .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as the mckean-schrader function .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  figure   compute
truth:  filter   data

test:  test the value of the python module .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  ensure   stub
truth:  test   test

test:  displays the header .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  default   a
truth:  format   format

test:  undo the configuration from a specific configuration file .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  undo   undo

test:  helper function to convert a string into a regular expression .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  is   null

test:  run each action command in a subprocess .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  execute   information
truth:  specified   null

test:  finds the specified stream and parse it into a teardown .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  complete   reader
truth:  look   null

test:  wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necesary .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   urllib2
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns the inverse of the cdf from the normal distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper for downloading a thing .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  format   format

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne report .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  used to parse the script from a http error .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  null   application
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the current axis type .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dict containing the keys to be stored in the database .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  release   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return contiguous list of contiguous regions .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  add   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return general fields to a file .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  append   a
truth:  create   osc

test:  find profiling by hostname and import the list of paths .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  setup   find
truth:  find   find

test:  compute f - g*h where f .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  commodity channel index .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   =
truth:  null   price

test:  this returns a dict of all the strings in the given list of weighers .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  compare the versions and version packages if the version given .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compares   null

test:  dummy variable for batches batches .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  generate   str
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the number of seconds since epoch to time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  from a timeseries and returns the result of three average value from the last value of the average of three error .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  convert the input string to a tuple .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  split   encode
truth:  parse   k1

test:  return a number formatted for human readable number .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  format   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove tags from a resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute normalized normalized normalized normalized normalized phase using the signal passed as well .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  helper function that converts long strings to underscores .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  arrays   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  read a single data from a file object and return a single list .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   try
truth:  read   data

test:  only load if pyrax executable module is available .
truth: always load . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  load   load

test:  adds unique id to unique id using the input id .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  creates a flavor record .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  creates   new
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a wtforms for the given request label .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  view   view

test:  set current audio output output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  set   new
truth:  selects   null

test:  test installing a requirements .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  test   git
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a path to a string .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  s   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  project files to a project .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  project   report
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a time according to the given time .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return true if data is encrypted .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the cflags sdk for this process .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  return   return

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  get the purchase for the current process .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   average

test:  returns a single choice of package that doesnt have .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset the cached app to the current thread .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  null   everything

test:  create a snapshot from a snapshot id to the given snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the first code of the *exprs code to theano .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  iterates   compute
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  return the unicode representation of text in text .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates the trimmed standard error of the mean of the sample standard deviation of the input array .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a list of certificates from a certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  -   open
truth:  builds   null

test:  data -> gzip encoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  encoded   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  if   value
truth:  if   null

test:  return a decorator for handling that listener through the given function type .
truth: function type . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create the characters that will be included in the given log .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  walk   apply
truth:  fake   fake

test:  given the directories for a windows instance .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return this platforms platforms .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  mail   mail
truth:  mail   mail

test:  unload for loaded plugins in the context[current .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  deinstalls   string
truth:  null   null

test:  entry point for bin/* scripts xxx .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  extract the list of regionalize from a given language .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  construct   array
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  get the connection to the db server .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  show the details from a scaleway baremetal server .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   details

test:  returns an http handler that detects if the contents of the given request .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  print   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a custom console to the log .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  make   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get a specific reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  check for something that can be embedded into an *uri* for a gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve the parent value for a given parent .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  get   return
truth:  context   context

test:  check if the model is the same as the default model .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show checksum for all package or for a specific package cli example: .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   return

test:  gets the text that was detected in a directory .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  to reduce the vm with the vm specified .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  runs   vm
truth:  null   a

test:  write html file from xml .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   html
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  function   output
truth:  output   output

test:  write the list of the contents of the given file .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  append   append

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the average of the moving is greater than the series of the moving .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  to   version
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  get port name from host .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the spherical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the dictionary with the given language code .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  reads an object from a file .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  accepts   python
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return true if the object is a list of objects or bytes .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  return   object
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   matching
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output by loops .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  view to select a sample code for a specific document .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  do   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns whether a backup with the requested backup supported by a given request .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  function   get
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test control by source file .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   test

test:  import all submodules and find all submodules in a module .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   null
truth:  expose   null

test:  ensures that the titles from dashboard and titles are titles by titles that have titles given by titles .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  sets   up
truth:  rows   rows

test:  read text from file .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  text   content
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  publish the use of the appropriate settings to html .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  renders   html

test:  helper function to decide whether the function has a scope of a set of arg .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes the clip progressively fade to some cross clip at its own duration .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  freq an ipv4 socket to an ipv6 address .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a png from the data into one of the original image .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  given   null

test:  coupling as coupling .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  function   a
truth:  coupling   null

test:  test if a function is an executable domain name .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unflag an web page .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: builders-from set pending build for the build .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   fetch
truth:  null   null

test:  same as strides .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  allocate   compute
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  set the display value of combining and unspent/fetchtx/pushtx to the destination .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  assign   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check the error code of the method to see if the python data has any of the same name .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  raise   function
truth:  checks   checks

test:  same as f() .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return string with all occurrences of the input string .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  if   return
truth:  find   find

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  local filter to each pixel of an image .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  return   null
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an puid or not .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  -   -
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sets up the stubs api .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  draw a 1-d image .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   changes
truth:  draw   a

test:  test the package can be listed .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  test   test
truth:  expect   a

test:  given the name and a dictionary .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  show user auth auth .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  run the celery status on the fly .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  get geometry output by manipulation .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  apply the filters .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  apply   return
truth:  apply   apply

test:  download and return a unsigned yaml_dict for the given reviewer .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  compute the absolute value of the op of partial values .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  mean   no
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  write a stream to a fif file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  send an album to the log file and return true if it is not found .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  return   null
truth:  send   send

test:  test reading keys in place .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   test
truth:  printing   printing

test:  extract the list of filenames from the given list of filenames .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  find the relaxed distance between a relaxed distance by a relaxed distance matrix .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   distance

test:  copy config .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  ensures   build
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  launch the list of tables which have the given tables .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  parsed   helper
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  returns the progress data for this minion .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  null   tool

test:  publish data into an topic topic .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  null   message
truth:  build   build

test:  builds an object spec .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  remove the specified network device from the system .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  remove   prints
truth:  removes   null

test:  lists policies via rabbitmqctl database cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  list   queue
truth:  return   a

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro execution module is installed on this cloud format .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  update the upload .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  add   fake
truth:  fakes   null

test:  return the nth standardized totient function of n x .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  subtract   compute
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  extended   measurement
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  finds the optimal and the optimal table .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test validation .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   parsing
truth:  test   test

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  this decorator takes an object or a file as a method of the virdomain .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  get   get

test:  build a relative tree of directories .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  run the command line interface .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  run   run
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a string containing item info .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  return strlist union of sequence a into *x* .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  union   union

test:  returns the drafts arg for a given user .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   video

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a list of original addresses from the given feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  creates   check
truth:  creates   a

test:  splits given data by values to list of values .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  filters   parameters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks ticks .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  recursively walk all python files in the given python directory and all python files .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  compress   include
truth:  yield   null

test:  compute autocovariance function acf_y(h) up to be elementvise by intended .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  apply   attempt
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the tuple of a tuple as string .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  return   split
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the wunderground sensor .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return num_peaks weight by simplified_pairs .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  throw   rgb
truth:  convert   colour

test:  given a list of dictionaries and a list of dictionaries .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   up
truth:  null   null

test:  write all registered module names to the specified output .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  create an authorized virtual machine .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  append a list of parsing paths to the provided value .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  to   add
truth:  is   null

test:  reload the configuration cli example: .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  restart   csf

test:  update the provided email for the user .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  stats   confirmation
truth:  function   function

test:  generates the multiline variance with the specified options and variance .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  regex -> time return the attribute of the specified relationship task .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  null   prefix
truth:  null   expression

test:  extracts message from dfs in the tree .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  helper function to bind a random port and return it .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  logs out the current user and log it to the session .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  log   log
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read from a file named file starting at offset and offset .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   length

test:  return a list of the directory pids of all the strings in the given directory .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  copy   x
truth:  returns   a

test:  clone a vdi and clone the vdi reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clones   a

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a sequence .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  sample   sample

test:  generate a unique key for the given secret .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  flatten nested or columns .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  iterator   generator
truth:  function   function

test:  build the value for the vary state .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  build   point
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  connect to a given transport and transport it in the datastore .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  create   a
truth:  connect   a

test:  helper function that checks whether an object is a list of items .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  rest controller for budget_allocation @status: experimental .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  executes the settings .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if input is at least min_version .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  function to format a single requirement statements in the localfiles .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  filter   filter
truth:  filter   comments

test:  set a link to a list of colors .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  list   list

test:  make sure that any duplicates are changed .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieve host groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   authentication
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  add calls to this queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  add   null
truth:  fills   null

test:  graph of dumps() using format order .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  save   a
truth:  render   a

test:  create a new devices .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes an unquoted string and wraps it with a .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check to make sure that the required and appears in the same configuration is an alternate warning with a call to call .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  retrieve command from systemd command line .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  escape & .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  this tag provides functionality for the given params .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  build   null
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve templates according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   host
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  shuffle a list .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  shuffle   shuffles
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  get the value of the server setting for the provided server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform a repository .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  if   root
truth:  if   null

test:  loads the current login model and store it to the appscale login in the request .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  creates   snapshot
truth:  take   action

test:  take a chunk of items and return a list of strings that can be ignored .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  forgot username page .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  renders   username
truth:  look   up

test:  the value corresponding to the boolean value for a boolean value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  uses   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a dir space or a specific pointer .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the value of the server reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  parses a string and returns a closest .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   class

test:  randomly select a random sampling value with randomly sampled .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   time
truth:  m   m

test:  check if a user has admin group .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  return   name
truth:  is   null

test:  get the pressure time from the so that it exists .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  show the list of resource tags for the current user .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  requests   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  gets gateway gateway details of the hierarchy or none if it doesnt exist .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  get   string
truth:  return   gateway

test:  tries to determine the last line of the line containing the last line .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  deprecated   returns
truth:  look   null

test:  alternative relu .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns source and its dependencies .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  returns   object
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a set of variable that match a set of ethernet values .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  set   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  convert datetime to timestamp .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   a

test:  makes sure value is non-empty and can be converted to a list of lists .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  function   validates
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of continuation state functions .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  list   a
truth:  display   parser

test:  returns true if the given key exists .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  verify   waits
truth:  check   check

test:  returns true if the user can view an email address .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  another deprecated method for qos .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   method
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  calculation calculation for the square distribution .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  password   a
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform an a hinfo lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  entry point for the script .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  point   point
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  use the given function to require a function to provided .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  change   section
truth:  null   section

test:  helper function that checks that and left are equal to left .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the exported version from a gcode file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  get   method
truth:  write   null

test:  test with hidden text at the top with relevant elements .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  numpyprinter shouldnt print out the non-existant view .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  decorator that ensures that a function is not set on specific os/2 .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  returns all the system groups .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  clean   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if the given vectors are identical .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  return   start
truth:  null   standard

test:  gets the running data from the given user .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  uses   function
truth:  takes   a

test:  check to see if given ref is a specific ref .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  morning the contents of a token .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  return   open
truth:  function   function

test:  find a system memory from a system .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  retrieve   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  with_settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  same as unit_propagate .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add counters to the list of counters .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   counters

test:  removes content references from content .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  remove   match
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  executes an api method call and returns the response object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  widen the preface gcode text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  slugify   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  with qtwebkit .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  create   qtwebkit
truth:  null   null

test:  return the path to the user cache directory .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  print the stack trace to the dump .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  print   print
truth:  dump   a

test:  given the path to a module .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  look   null

test:  remove a single container name the name of the container to be removed name of the container to remove the container .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parameter_declaration : parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  null   parameter_declaration
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  insert a symmetric entry into the symmetric problem .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  invoke   a
truth:  rank   rank

test:  check that the given response is an optional web browser .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  check   null
truth:  error   error

test:  create a random string of characters of urllib .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  add a user to the group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  add   set
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a1 row/col notation in a1 notation to numeric row/col notation .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read the cache file from the next time .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   function
truth:  read   a

test:  returns true if the given employee is between the given employee for the given employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the finite-difference this function has been keyword arguments as a theano shared .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  returns   secrets
truth:  get   a

test:  clears the zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns an download url to download a download of the given platform .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  retrieves   try
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return an iterator over the serial of chunksize .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   elements

test:  determine if the :class:horizonbuilder password is a mock revision revision .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a reservation entry in the given project with uuid .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  return a json graph from jit .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  generate   json
truth:  return   data

test:  decorator to revert task_state on sys .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  to   functions
truth:  wraps   a

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  print   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  adds a user to the appropriate acl .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt the data with the block cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypts   null
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  set the gui mode for the given gui .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  setting   sets
truth:  tell   null

test:  return tests to show tests for common file .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  to   decodes
truth:  get   python

test:  format a commandline status information into an instance .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   instance

test:  return a lexer version of a plugin .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  combine the given image into a pair of numbers .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  blend   blend

test:  given a string .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of audio fields of the given object .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the "needs flag to the rolls .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  copy   back
truth:  sets   sets

test:  execute a single element of python interpreter .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  validate   generator
truth:  assert   assert

test:  used to mark a function as deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  log   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates a rpc credentials .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  to   return
truth:  builds   a

test:  return the finance of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  renames   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the date in the unix timestamp .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  return   datetime

test:  registers config file .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  patch   replace
truth:  patch   patch

test:  extract the id and token from the given token id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the source platform .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  buildinfo factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  ensure the defaults for the named package is in the minimum annotations .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the inverse inverse of the group .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  null   grain
truth:  set   set

test:  adds the html non-breaking space between the value .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  writes   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  redirect to the osf users .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves the full database from the mysql server .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  to   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  add the begin xml tag and the begin xml tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns all the suggestions and session based on the given project .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  get   polynomials
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for demo methods that automatically handles a space .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save the minions by the specified id to the specified jid .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  save   parses
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively unpack dictionaries with the keys in order .
truth: from url . 
test:  walk   individual
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  get the windows amount of a network id .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  containing some enabled messages from a pre-yarn file containing get_indexes objects .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   config
truth:  parse   a

test:  add the environment vars .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  null   variant
truth:  add   path

test:  list tags for a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   tags

test:  check the value as deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  squares squares functions of squares squares time series .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  check   compatibility
truth:  check   correctness

test:  sentry and parse total number of times .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  swap   system
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns people user is following sans people blocking user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   people
truth:  returns   people

test:  count the count of the matrix .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  return   number
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   load
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   s
truth:  s   s

test:  get a fixed timezone for a fixed offset .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if w is a short word .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   word

test:  test inverse operator for inverse computation .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   mne

test:  this is a doctest .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  stop   check
truth:  called   null

test:  compute norm and weights for the wikipedia norm .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   norm

test:  a decorator that converts a method into a method name .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  marks the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   volume

test:  return true if path is encrypted .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  all of the proxy gl should have gl 2 .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  test   gl
truth:  null   class

test:  perform flowgrams in [d] format and prints the same cluster as != latex list of __context__ .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   build

test:  get a database by name .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  look   up

test:  adds pooling pooling pooling pooling .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  run system command .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  start   pairs
truth:  run   cmd

test:  helper function to open a persistent file as a list of values .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   function
truth:  open   a

test:  retrieve the value of a specific collection of items from the stored plugin .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  coordinates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  unpack the parsed data from a tar_file .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  check   check

test:  pack the input data with various c{str} c{str} .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  pack   encode
truth:  pack   pack

test:  fix method .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  change   helper
truth:  fix   method

test:  extract the corresponding disk file of the given disk .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  extracts   system
truth:  given   a

test:  unwrap function given functions that behaves useful by functions .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  to   up
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  takes the faux message and returns a message object .
truth: convert response . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   response

test:  create the right test with no tableau at a given precision .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  check   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  create node positions for g .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  function   nodes
truth:  create   node

test:  test if a release has a release entity .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   a

test:  put blaze blaze .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   pexpect
truth:  test   test

test:  tries to get an canonical match for each match .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  validates if the user is overlap .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the network is in network on host .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network to parameterize variational family .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  watch   a
truth:  null   network

test:  merge the provided model .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  provides   a

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  return   set
truth:  set   set

test:  play media manager from media player object .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  play   media
truth:  return   return

test:  install the virtual environment and installs pip virtualenv .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  decorator to indicate that a caching caching should be used with the given path .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  the main entry point for packages .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  point   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the collection of this collection .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  dynamically reload a single module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  attributes   module
truth:  null   version

test:  helper function to make sure the func is called from the container .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  initialize   decorator
truth:  call   call

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   simple_only_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  dump an xml tree to a file .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  dump   null

test:  create note note that have the type set .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   attachments

test:  wrapper around comparison that cant be equal to the right comparison .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  take   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the non-alphanumeric match for a single mean of two open subsets .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   results
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine of a distance matrix parameters endog: : 1-d array or 1-d arrays the cosine of the boolean array .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   reverse
truth:  computes   null

test:  determine if the point points are equivalent to the points .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  add   method
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  set the current configuration value of the requirements configuration cli example: .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  changes   resource
truth:  set   a

test:  drop classified runs on a single string .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  text   text
truth:  add   syntax

test:  defines the auc score for prediction .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  null   null

test:  set data to standard one or more in path .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  set   vispy

test:  convert an amount to a string .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  function   converts
truth:  converts   a

test:  direct_declarator : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  null   join
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return launchd information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   launchd

test:  generic routing expression .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  estimate   action
truth:  ban   add

test:  create and return cpu policy constraints .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  retrieve   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the name of a timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the y intersection from the beginning and back if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  args: virt plugin_name: or returns: virt .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  generate   virt
truth:  null   preference

test:  gets the value of a given user .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  username   null
truth:  return   user

test:  for each digit filter in the reader .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove the string type from the string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert constant to constant .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  returns   normalizes
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read buffer data from the current request .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  read   null
truth:  view   view

test:  checks if a given package is a **kwargs or id cli example: .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  is   null

test:  save the certificate on the certificate in the icinga2 cli example: .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  saves   proxy
truth:  save   null

test:  return a query to a 2-d type for a given type or a type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  converts   type
truth:  get   a

test:  identify the users pages pages into the user .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  identifies   null
truth:  to   try

test:  serializes an object as json .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  context   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  updates the collection with the given user_id and update its update .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  publish   update
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the clipped function inplace .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  sets   decimal
truth:  null   null

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   clone
truth:  copy   copy

test:  when inmeory is enabled .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  format   toggle
truth:  documents   documents

test:  encodes a string in the given system .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  encodes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if line looks like a code .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initiate a traffic server configuration file reread .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   traffic
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic setattr() for line_search_armijo .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  function   type
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns the n x 1 matrix as a list .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  read an data from a packet .
truth: object factory . 
test:  read   attempt
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the targets from the ansible targets .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  removes a user from the specified group cli example: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  function   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get svg text by svgreader .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to output .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   build
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns a list of available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an identity attribute that was filled with the given context .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  return a list of folders configured on the system .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   users

test:  add faces element to the xml element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  converts any given object to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  make   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the given suite for the given package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  test   test

test:  check to see if a service is enabled .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the certificate from the given certificate name the certificate store to be removed .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create and return the logger instance to stderr .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  null   application
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for each process in the list of files .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  extract   process
truth:  calls   calls

test:  computes the mahalanobis dot product of 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  null   compatibility
truth:  computes   null

test:  escape a string so that it can be used as one of the characters in a shell .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  this method commits the user and provide a specific echo .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resize   resize
truth:  resizes   null

test:  return the coordinate diagonal of the main view .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of subject alternative names from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wait for the specified status to become sql .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple from it .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  escape the value of a key to be markdown .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  set   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  this is the main function to mask the number of input values for each element of the input to be converted to a given shape .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the system is ipv6 address .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement into the right process .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  works   null
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  like   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  accepts a dictionary and replace elements .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  changes   fixes
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts arma correlation coefficient to rest of standard normal backport of harmonic edges .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  simulate   match
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the absolute path of a file .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  files   filenames
truth:  return   return

test:  gets all installed updates for all models in a given app .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup the lg lock .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  mock   mock

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get the plugin filenames from plugins .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert list of dictionaries to a dictionary .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  works   reading
truth:  given   a

test:  write discovery files to a directory .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  write   copies
truth:  write   discovery

test:  retrieve the name for a specific object by name or name .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets task details and ids of the task .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches a musicbrainz album by id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check that nova function is not available .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   nova
truth:  check   check

test:  reads a user .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  generate   changes
truth:  ask   user

test:  returns the path to the device .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  handler for the memory" loggers .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  output   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a list of users with the divisions product of the unique values .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   n

test:  create a controlampservice .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  main function for validating jay: and labels fasta_dir: list of fasta labels .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  function   function
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  test that pep_number .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  write   a
truth:  read   yaml

test:  returns a compiled template string for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   template
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove duplicate keys from db .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo covers .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  expected value of an expression .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  removes the xmodule contents of the scenario that are saved .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  clear   reset
truth:  null   null

test:  fixture providing the fakewebtab .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  require   up
truth:  null   null

test:  finds the labels of the values of an array with labels .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  used to mark tests when creating a class with the class name which are not yet set .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  raise   decorator
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  return true if symlinks is a valid word file .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  to   check

test:  this will handles a single request .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  code   null
truth:  handles   a

test:  return the url for a given url .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse editing .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  breaks   up

test:  set the rules used for policy checks .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  rules   rules
truth:  set   set

test:  convert :py:class:bytes or :py:class:unicode to bytes .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  s   decodes
truth:  convert   convert

test:  ckans a value through api goodness .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  access   access

test:  generate some corner scipy .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  store   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a intersection of sets of the intersection of this factorize factorize list .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  test that stdoutaren'tcapturedon works with normal 256 path .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   traceback

test:  remove outliers that are provided in a function .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  remove   decorator
truth:  to   attempt

test:  some pure python function .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  null   url
truth:  change   change

test:  only load this module if the kernel is installed .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  load   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve the value of response .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  indices   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for each translations .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  collect   problem
truth:  return   a

test:  delete dashboard given project and version number .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   module
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run the login details .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  output   helper
truth:  set   set

test:  regression test for a bug that caused to_string to crash .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  check   test
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  launch the checkout branch dialog .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  checkout   launch
truth:  launch   launch

test:  retrieve data from a redis jid by a given job .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  send   send

test:  delete the given prospective .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates a directory .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  create   create
truth:  join   join

test:  return alarm alarm details .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  retrieve   value
truth:  value   value

test:  checks that the given column-oriented is a valid until the current fetches link to the current learning .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  flush redis client from redis and writes it to redis .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  flush   success
truth:  test   test

test:  adds the given number to the string .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  align   null
truth:  align   a

test:  the *k* the input *individuals* using the *k* helper function .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  tests that accounts subs with submission columns into a dict whose names is a submission that is being returned in the result as being used .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  if   null

test:  parse difference defined by swiping .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this function generates the right probability bit .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  print   implements
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new group of all admin access group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator that validates a bound method in a bound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  list policies from the specified policies cli example: salt myminion boto_elasticache .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   policies
truth:  list   list

test:  get all of the plugins plugins from the list of modules .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  rewrite a bunch of documents that match the given ranges .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  insert   cookies
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  tab-completion: through the utc offsetif offsetif -- the session to get the session of the request .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: runscope yaml: runscope allows the build as environment variables to install-name: install-name: left conjunctive if build fails .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  null   null

test:  run one or more warnings in the list of files .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  output   run
truth:  return   a

test:  test scaled of scaled .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  calculate   test
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the exchange response into a parsed response .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  unicode   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the list of files for the application .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  stats   stats

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoding .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  lookup   up

test:  context manager to temporarily disable previous temporarily .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  determine if the values in negative .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  return   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract and return a single option value .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get path with points around the points .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  stores in the existence of bounding and their warning if it is in the dns framework .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  preprocess and preprocessing .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  close   null
truth:  look   null

test:  decorator that calls app_reverse() functions .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  get   decorator
truth:  forces   null

test:  return the estimation such that the users model is vector on the such that the such that the such that the users have that the users .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove leading and trailing whitespace from the given string or pathlist .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  strip   strip
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shuts down the server and wait for the scheduler .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shuts   new
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a view with evenly spaced values converted to a timedelta .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the item size for specific type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate lines of text for markdown .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  null   generator

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  marks a function as being deprecated .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  determine which need to be posted to be read and report optional modules .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  completes html tidy for the current process .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  run   html

test:  on success .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  null   success
truth:  if   null

test:  division of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  properly setup the command line argument .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initialize   calls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  update module .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  modify   get
truth:  export   export

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  process the command to run out .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  output   process
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  count the number of non-zero elements of a single row .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  return   number
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all enabled user groups .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the information returned by a given job id .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  see   format
truth:  yield   returner

test:  reads the contents of the given file from the given page to write it to the specified page to the given page .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  extract and validate multiple inventory .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   data
truth:  extract   null

test:  use shared or move the shared thread .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  add   add
truth:  error   error

test:  center loss .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  null   get
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that we can freeze pip pip pip properly .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  force   null
truth:  test   pip

test:  emit a process to be used for process .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  launch   django
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a local cuts from a string .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the dns dns hosts .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  update the ca ca bundle file into the given source .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  simple shared variable to make sure all active_tag and lower lower vigenere .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of cliques of the given cliques .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check an error if a valid image is valid .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  if   function
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper function that returns the list of server id .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  build the sample file to find a specific sample file .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  search   find
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  execute   input
truth:  input   input

test:  return the globally policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two files in a file .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  make a mock into a mock instance .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  replace   replace

test:  widen the preface gcode text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  temperature   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  performs a string as a full string .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  string   string

test:  inject resources into web page .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  raises   validate
truth:  null   inject

test:  takes a soundcloud service with the given course_id and returns the result as an item processor .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  null   get
truth:  create   a

test:  show user hosts details .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  force the process with eggs eggs all but the same eggs supplied .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  return the members of a particular group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a new version/file for the given control .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  produce status .
truth: produce status . 
test:  strip   status
truth:  produce   status

test:  test plotting of source files .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   testing
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  returns the uri for the given uri .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   scheme

test:  this function computes the parameter_values_from_pillars unread .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  finds   store
truth:  changes   changes

test:  simple test to convert topics to our encoded logs .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  logs   logs

test:  set the root script to download a venv script .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  set   set
truth:  tell   null

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  null   names
truth:  domain   names

test:  quantize with truth value of quant .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  makes   return
truth:  quantize   a

test:  returns a pypackable size .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  unicode   check
truth:  create   a

test:  get a service in the rest service .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sends an http request to a method request .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  gets the configuration for the beacon .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  code   device
truth:  receives   null

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add faces from complex .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   setup
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  list all backup .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier_list type_qualifier .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the specified cache exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  raises an exception if the full tool name is not in the same directory .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  handy the full url that is the full url as current request or none if the user is not the current request .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  url   a
truth:  null   a

test:  the same as updated at the bottom of the given module .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  verify   pip
truth:  patch   patch

test:  ensure that the session is osf to be specified .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  clears   logs
truth:  to   actions

test:  check if we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return a datetime object with a particular time in the given range .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  gets   store
truth:  get   get

test:  this decorator takes a warning and marks a warning as being called with the line to the test functions .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  to   null
truth:  is   null

test:  check if the given version of the appropriate version of expected replicates has the same version .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the function indicating the arguments of a tuple .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  context   information
truth:  null   replacement

test:  when the container is enabled .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  strips   strips

test:  generates the list of created events for all modules and their events .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  when a document is created .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  take   returns
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image 90 degrees degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  dumps the value as unicode .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  fit variables .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  fits   a

test:  this is here to override subplot in a software paths .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the file is the given html file .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   sequence

test:  takes a list of tweets for a template .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  detect   method
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  reads an image from the file as a base64 format .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decode   read
truth:  base64   base64

test:  return an search series of arguments for the given arguments .
truth: search series . 
test:  get   a
truth:  search   series

test:  generate the byte string for each line .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  starting   starting

test:  flush the virtual server table cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   null
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  application section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  renders the template for a theme processes .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  renders   up
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that returns an xml form with a given response .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  return   a

test:  handles a runner and return its another result as it .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  step   step
truth:  make   null

test:  use this decorator to passive the execution of a class .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a consistency .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  debugging   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  return a query to query string based on the query .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  null   build
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle order of the given sequence .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  training   training
truth:  training   training

test:  return true if the request is a profile_image_names request .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  configure markdown filter to show markdown .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  returns the number of bits that are in a given number of bytes .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  count   count

test:  set the amount of seconds that need to restart the given delay cli example: .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   wrap
truth:  set   set

test:  parse xml metadata for xml metadata .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  compile   get
truth:  return   return

test:  html page to display for any breadcrumbs .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  print   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a folder size .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  get   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns test test data filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  finds the ninja allows you to do the ninja .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  init   script
truth:  targets   targets

test:  return existing blocks of the consolidate blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  return   x
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  using the settings in the group .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  profile   network
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  works like :func:url_decode but returns the specified stream .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string to be used in a sql statement .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  emit a byte string for the given payload .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  file   returns
truth:  generate   dict

test:  enable the named site to start at a given site .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   lists
truth:  enable   enable

test:  returns a list of the create table that have the given meter .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  publish - install a publisher with an existing file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a stc of the source estimate .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  remove all files and directory .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  email   null
truth:  email   email

test:  checks to see if the given client is enabled .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parse in the batchmailentry from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   in

test:  setup the lg lock .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  create   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator for deprecated language .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  execute a file or directory cli example: .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  grep   grep

test:  returns string with given regex value for given regex .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  skip tests if a test can skip a list of requirements .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  generate the links in the container .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns true when address ending with link-local all-nodes multicast address representation .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  allocate an arbitrary ids from the given model .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocate   function
truth:  allocates   a

test:  process given file .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  multiply   remove
truth:  compare   contents

test:  centers a value as a floating point number .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  print   print

test:  return v1 == v1 == v2 .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  list all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed in .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert an image into a dense image array .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  calculate   steps
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  time   series
truth:  null   exponential

test:  given a pair of arguments by the end of the start and end of the file to the end between the end of the start and end .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  find   get
truth:  get   get

test:  release release release support .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  verify   hack
truth:  if   check

test:  log pmf more than log likelihood .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  if   ip
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint from the statuspage endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  perform a single surface description .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  warn   null

test:  mark a spam as spam .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  url   view
truth:  mark   a

test:  test that marathon image can be deployed .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  test   test
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  given a tuple of template metadata .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  accept   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  checks if the given string is a indirect .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  if   check
truth:  string   string

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   null

test:  get front lists lists from loop .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  endpoint   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check to make sure the file in the given file-like object is large .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   null

test:  validates the given ip to the given ip .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  if   null

test:  computes the rank of the rank at the given list of vectors .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  find   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse the given xml and parse the corresponding character .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   exception
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check that something expressed in the column of both the right and the other distance .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  test   check
truth:  null   null

test:  tests translator plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  start   tests
truth:  tests   plural

test:  extracts the whether the value from the given header and the movie .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   handle
truth:  handle   handle

test:  takes a list of version models and returns a sorted list .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   sort
truth:  takes   a

test:  check if the server is resolvable .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the page link for the block of the given block .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  release the project .
truth: release the package . 
test:  uploads   install
truth:  release   release

test:  convert a file: path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  stuff that the assignment failed .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  function   try
truth:  build   build

test:  sets up the contents of a shell command .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  run   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  return what colors with text color with each rank .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns hessian of nan when the point passed is none .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  request   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the process is related to the current process .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   returns

test:  open the database file using shelve and zip .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  open   open
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the modified time zone as a tzinfo instance .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  modified   get

test:  returns true if the given label is a valid ipv4-address label .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a directory .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check that the given url belongs to the prefix .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  test extract_array utility function .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  test   parameters
truth:  tests   tests

test:  copy an object from a given object to the given object args: obj_name : the model class exclude .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   files
truth:  copy   a

test:  validates that value is a connection and can contain the status parameter .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns the local cache for this windows .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  null   raw_body
truth:  test   test

test:  prints a deprecation warning .
truth: prints a . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  prints   a

test:  kill a process .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  converts an image to a generic decorator .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  produce a join of paths .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  return an hyperparameters of server in the given directory .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  create   upload
truth:  null   null

test:  choose a package type based on the provided file type .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  put   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if a file or directory exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  collects a piece of api from the api json api .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the pid by pid .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   a
truth:  analyse   a

test:  cached cached content of file .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  reading   example
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator that skips a method if a method has a method that the same set .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  skips   a
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  load cached auth from a given file .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   credentials

test:  get all journal codes for access to journal .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  always return false if test is not installed .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   mount
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  works like urllib2 .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  encodes   encode
truth:  null   null

test:  create temporary directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  given a step .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  step   connect
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the date responsible for the specified xblock .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  a decorator that makes sure a function is called .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  shows the file input .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  shows   color
truth:  null   part

test:  used only to choose a unittest with the test decorator .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the secrets manager used by the secrets database and user .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this is a normal test function that throw a case where the class types should be ignored .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  test   type
truth:  null   type

test:  returns true if the given content is lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  if   test
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  same as query but returns a query object .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  query   query

test:  takes a roads points and returns the html markup .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  pick   encoder
truth:  find   find

test:  parses one argument into a tuple of params .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   rl_forward_char
truth:  test   test

test:  main implementation of the root script .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  execute   configure
truth:  find   find

test:  list all recipient .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  disable   summary
truth:  print   print

test:  clears given environment .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  document   document

test:  loads only sample images from the given python modules .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   load
truth:  sample   sample

test:  checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  get   null
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate the binary crossentropy with the given target .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  log   equality
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieves the deprecated configs .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  look   returns
truth:  warn   null

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  return   url
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a version of numpy .
truth: compute np . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  compute   np

test:  gets a formatted format group_policies using a leading format .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  download the complex accuracy of a file .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the movie of the given media player object .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  evaluate   pause
truth:  pause   pause

test:  helper function to select the complex part of the input .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  return   messages
truth:  =   =

test:  compute square-free sturm from a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  removed the string after attributes .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a // b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add -- match to -- add smtp or comments to add a new instance .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   list
truth:  add   add

test:  copies a file from a local machine to the local file .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  make a figure for the given figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  create   null
truth:  draw   a

test:  provides the value of a configuration value .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  return security headers .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  add a new certificate to a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the 3-regular bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager that will set a jinja jinja jinja .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  wraps a config file in a wsgi config object .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get all group types for a group .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   up
truth:  get   group

test:  returns the currently selected ttl .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  return   return

test:  build / display .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  build   options
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  test to ensure ps while something to a reasonable set of plugins .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   decorator

test:  converts the ip address to a cidr or a string .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  converts   str
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of dict of changed files that can be used from the system .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function that validates an object .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolve   fix
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a tuple of with integer values from the given set of values .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  get   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  raise skiptest if backend does not end .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  if   up
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg registration registration registration draft registration registration and corrects registration registration :return: serialized draft registration :rtype: dict :raises: registrations .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  migrates   prereg
truth:  finds   null

test:  takes a list of tuples that does not involve these expansion examples .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a control file is installed .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  instantiate   configuration
truth:  check   check

test:  return the path to the operating vmlinux .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  extract the pathname from a file .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  name   returns
truth:  name   name

test:  transform a hot action into a single hot action .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test rendering mri mri .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   helper
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  get bevel rectangle .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   desktop
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to apply an expression or fermionic to an expression helper function to an expression .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  make   order
truth:  write   null

test:  return starting tag" of stopped stopped .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  format   format

test:  modifies a view function by setting a view variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to exempt from the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that closes an instance to a method .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  return the command line utility .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  loop   prints
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  retrieve a class class by name .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a pyc object .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  encode   attempt
truth:  read   read

test:  #3319 search duck .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  short   a
truth:  searches   bing

test:  create a pipeline from a estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  create   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  stores translation and error message in response .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  errors   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wait for a qutebrowser category to be loaded on the minion .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  send   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  concatenates the size of a possibly operator to the given size .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  sum   homepage
truth:  null   null

test:  projects the xmodule entry point that are supplied by the xmodule package and set the default point value .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  does   force
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  identify the first landmark image in gcs gcs .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  copy the provided cache to a resource by reading it in the cache .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  cache   cache

test:  elementwise arccosine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  defines the default v3 function for inception parameters .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  defines   batch
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  serve   a

test:  setup a simple server certificate .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  null   like
truth:  setup   a

test:  unpack the elements of a column .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  takes   location
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  convert a bit list to a bit .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   part
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns the popularity value for the given obj .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  return a list of model attributes .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a list of the given expression .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  diff   null
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between angle t1 and angle angle t1 and angle angle line through and angle t2 = angle between angle line through and angle line through and
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  launch -> launches logging for the given pid .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  launch   try
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to be enabled or not .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters all es keys .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  takes   remove
truth:  filter   filter

test:  encode an extension .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return module version or none if it cant be retrieved .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  set user info .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  changes   mariadb
truth:  set   users

test:  ensure that a directory named "path" exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  create   a

test:  feature finder finds a feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  null   count
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  checks if the provided url is a valid endpoint url .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  generates a hypercube .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  server   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve flavor by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  if the specified password is out .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  push a new document in a bokeh document to a bokeh document .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  if   null
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  get   nic

test:  extracts description of image whose description is yaml: yaml: show the description of the image .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  check   ssh
truth:  using   null

test:  create a new instance after a function after a function .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  execute   call
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around operator to get a normal operator .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   a

test:  build a partition suite from tests .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   a
truth:  partitions   a

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the output of the given encoding .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the complex with collide collide .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  return a watcher .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  used   none
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if the specified instance is google .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  add intersection from the path .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the row of a matrix with lu decomposition .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  used   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is removed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  writes the incron contents to the specified users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  write   return
truth:  writes   null

test:  if the file has been modified .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  files   null
truth:  content   content

test:  log the http request headers .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  convert lines into lines of indent .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write text to file .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   text
truth:  text   text

test:  sanitize the additive_expression .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  takes   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches the content at the given url if it does not already exist .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  catch   url
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  validates that the given number to function are in the integer list of lists .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  throws   null

test:  make some change to a deployment deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an ipv6 address .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  true if the first element of cr has initialized .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  simply print unformatted encoding .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  like   variant
truth:  print   print

test:  generates the django associated with the given config .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  generate   install
truth:  update   a

test:  a view that displays error messages .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   error
truth:  view   view

test:  utility function that converts a matplotlib attribute into a list of mailboxes .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a keystoneclient instance with the given decimal and opts .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  create   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   function
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  wait until the given -1 has been marked as new .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  run   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compute grayscale filter using gaussian filter .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   structure

test:  tests that the user is access to the permissions .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  logs a context with the current log .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  s   processing
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieve and run a single db .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  map   map

test:  reads the certificate from the given x and restricted the certificate to check if it is not the certificate on .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  expected   values
truth:  extract   info

test:  regression test for url .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   null
truth:  url   url

test:  save list to disk .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  returns a fieldset .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return disk usage in system as a unicode string .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  validate user error if search is enabled .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  serialize the stream arguments to a stream .
truth: print with color . 
test:  tag   returns
truth:  print   print

test:  returns the friendly http greeting .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  to   null

test:  the list of known tests to run .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  the the the given clauseelement .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  null   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  integration test for tests .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  point   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with negative signs .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  load a notebook from the given notebook .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  load   load
truth:  prepare   null

test:  set labels on the system .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  set   set
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert decimal decimal integer from long int to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   decimal
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  assumes the date and build the modules that need to be connect to the given module .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  stochastic updates with param and returns the param versions of gradients .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  null   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a synchronization wrapper function that raises an exception if no lock is not a lock .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  escape the given string so that it can be used as one .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escapes   wrapper
truth:  escape   escape

test:  sets the value of a playlist in the scroll backend .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  takes   subroutine
truth:  link   a

test:  find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  apply all the specified properties from the given template contents to a specific template contents .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  handles   form
truth:  return   return

test:  print the value for the state of the command line .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  print   function
truth:  display   ret

test:  wrapper around yiq .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  code   time
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function runs the bloggerexample connection with some of the provided gui .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  find   release
truth:  runs   runs

test:  match all pattern in the path .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  reading   try
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to compute the simultaneous matlab function from the given list of continuous indices .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  computes   *
truth:  compute   compute

test:  make sure the given value is a query .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  reconstruct   check
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  on delete of files .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  joins a url into an absolute url .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that custom inverse of inverse observations when the inverse of multiple inverse observations .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  setting   setting

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  extract metadata from a parser or a file .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct the sql header and return a list of sql attributes .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a wrapper around rank .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  create   data
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  helper function for llvm values in a llvm manner .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  remove the protocol from a url .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a route handler that contribute to the given regex .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  complete   reverse
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   autoescape
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  get the checkpoint directory for the given experiment .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  extracts   fetch
truth:  creates   directory

test:  decorator to given course_id .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a dictionary of lists from the given sequence .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  build   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  create a new file from a header in the same state as the rest of the input file .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  execute   os
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to flatten input .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  make   a
truth:  flattens   null

test:  send a message to the given channel or nick .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  try   null
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  test that a 3d wcs can be ignored .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  github   blobs
truth:  issue   issue

test:  validate a user against the value of a resource .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  convert an s3 key to a uri .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  create   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the cumulative sum of the vectors in the passed .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  matches the given regexp and match any of the leftmost .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  extract a month for a given year .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  return   user
truth:  produces   a

test:  returns the result of a declarative base class to be used in not defined in not to the declarative base .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of all milestones for the given course .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   api

test:  compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random matrix-vector multiplication .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  estimate   complex
truth:  rank   rank

test:  convert text to an integer .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  required   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse the string of the months into a datetime object .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  indent text .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  text   replace
truth:  given   indent

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  cool   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  finds the query in seq_possibilities from a sequence of items in several time .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  displays the latest updates of community files .
truth: home page . 
test:  null   show
truth:  null   page

test:  user can skip tests if he is not in page .
truth: user can login . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   user

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  function   verbose
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  get new video subtitle .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  convert 8bit parts of quoted-printable to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   8bit
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find the current uid for a specific uid .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   try

test:  sets the vlanid state to use widget .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  release   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  send a test .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  request   create
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  create new given doc as defined by the given u'stock' .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  fix   modbus
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorator for caching functions which receive a function with cache decide .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  create an global global secondary table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the wink sensors .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  calculates the fletcher checksum for a given data .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  trims   cycle
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for the filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  return tests for given nonexistent .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  instantiate a der object from a der object .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  generate an centroid of solid where each unit is created .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  expand   nth
truth:  null   helper

test:  get default encoding .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  file   file

test:  return value forced within range or high .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  remove an iam user .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   user
truth:  remove   user

test:  enable metrics from aws monitoring .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  enable   check
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return true if the named service is disabled to start at boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   check

test:  updates a security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  plot the day and represent the given day .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the xml element by begin and xml element .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a list of fields .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  check   return
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  return the users home directory if it exists .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of possible bits of the input log between 2 .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  test that an exception not built into the expected standard directory .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  marathon   null
truth:  test   test

test:  removes a module from a filesystem .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  unload   null
truth:  unload   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  removes directories or all root directories .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  send a notification about the given host .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  context   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  setup client .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  compile a string using double regex .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  match a string in the form of the given string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  convert   try
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves the list of flags for a given user .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  flags   flags

test:  execute one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  execute   nagios
truth:  run   one

test:  converts basestring to a native datetime .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  builds a formatted string for the given function .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  construct   use
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop all instances for the given version of the given module .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  null   gradient

test:  make sure the user is deleted .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  to   null

test:  performs a delimiter operation on the background topomap when exporting a background color .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  handle   calls
truth:  color   channels

test:  load new raised by name .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  determine if the given datastore is in a next datastore .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  if   object
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the given port is a router interface .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  if   redis
truth:  based   null

test:  collate a string into a single string representation .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   a
truth:  collate   a

test:  generate multiple dicts .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  this function whenever the segments in the mailchimp list to be the same as they were sorted by start_time .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  break   a
truth:  null   segments

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  retrieves the notification notification listener for the given batch .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  remove the mapreduce file .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a diffchunkgenerator class used for generating chunks .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve a container interfaces and use some time .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  estimate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the firstset is the firstset .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  chop off the last bit of a file .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  null   bool
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test conversion of fontsize samples to altaz from the altaz altaz .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  update   send
truth:  insert   insert

test:  imports and returns a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  load   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  munging to turn a method name into a post-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns string with symbols inside a specific string .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  takes   str
truth:  null   replacement

test:  return iterator of objects for subscribers .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  makes   everything

test:  create a single 2samples .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  function   shorthand
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get the formatted question if it isnt going .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  null   hypothesis
truth:  request   worker

test:  determine if arguments goes exists or power can be listed in y .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  function   function
truth:  create   create

test:  register a mapping file to imsave .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  create and configure the autoconfig client .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  get   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  executes a static file to the filesystem .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  returns the type name corresponding to a given type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove network network_id network_id network_id id of network to remove network .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  inspect   network
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the given word as a string with entity and char formatted by a single space .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return the log of the win32 function .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get the type class for a given type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert an bluetooth key into a dict .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  create   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  tests that the backgroundability of the twice work with adagard and that this works as expected .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the number of inter-community edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets a virtual interface list for the given instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   osquery_flags
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  calling calling fix tests .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  following   following

test:  merge a dict of translations from a yaml file .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds the reserved .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the current boot cli example: .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  return   create
truth:  is   null

test:  checks that the current user is access to the permission .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  null   check
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  verifies that a and b have the same number of arrays .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  verifies   assert
truth:  make   null

test:  reset a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reset   application
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should download from pypi file for a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  contents of the system .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  compare   runs
truth:  null   null

test:  escape & return value .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  null   html
truth:  null   versions

test:  this finds the grains object .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   nginx

test:  add a prefix for the given key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a long to the corresponding timestamp value .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   get

test:  takes batches of inputs and uses the reader to be reader .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   batches
truth:  generate   batches

test:  find the corpus of the corpus .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a dataset including the specified plugins .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  change qapplication .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  make   change
truth:  change   change

test:  run a bash shell command bash .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  run   correct
truth:  run   a

test:  compute the numeric assortativity coefficient for the node .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  decides   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return information about the certificate in the specified certificate cli example: .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   filter
truth:  converts   a

test:  start the rabbitmq application .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check this checks if the value of any negative value occurs in the evaluation of the given expression .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  check   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find the id or id for a module .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  removes a given single role for a user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  a decorator to do the first 2 and decorate methods .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove a tag from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure that the keystone tenant is absent name the name of the tenant to remove tenant .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  plot data as a figure with a given data .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  mean   null
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to create and return a unique temporary file .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the base frequency atom cli example: .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  sort   key
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the named service is disabled to start at boot .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   check

test:  use this decorator to expose to convert the string from the given string to a text .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  locate the files in the given list of saltenv and return the list of modules cli example: .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  looks up weekly .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  profile   weekly
truth:  update   update

test:  normal risch differential equation - normal part of the denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   risch
truth:  null   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer this is a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make a call to the extruder extruder with the given message .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  performs   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  remove sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns seen or none .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  null   load
truth:  return   a

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  parse list of sentences into a single page .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if a token is invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  reject   reject

test:  retrieves information about the specified package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  package   parses
truth:  get   get

test:  locate a ctypes library .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  load   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test with suggestion .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  adding   tests
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   null

test:  saves the database to the existing model .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  returns the output of the hosts sld if the request was loaded successfully sld of the domainname dns tld dns tld if output to create hosts .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a discrete random variable representing a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the list of capabilities and their api response .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  determine   attempt
truth:  get   cluster

test:  checks if a given version is a valid version string or newer .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  document add to preselected document .
truth: new document form . 
test:  null   scan
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specific authentication and require authentication .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  finds all parameters from the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return the difference between the minion and the jobs function .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  execute   apply
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  block from a matrices .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  do   copies
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  null   reset
truth:  execute   null

test:  test spm spm by ctf handler .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  runs tests in the gae test suite .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  execute   script
truth:  run   run

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mix   null

test:  get translate tetragrid from the translate matrix .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  translate   get
truth:  scale   scale

test:  looks to see if dladm is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  print the utility utility method .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  print   network
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the lu decomposition of a matrix or a matrix .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  solve   solve

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  get submodules and all submodules from all modules .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  user_input is a list of tuples .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  check   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  test whether a function is an instance of the given function .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return all installed facts modules cli example: .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  set   attempt
truth:  run   facter

test:  returns a string of the vat performing a specific number .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  download the resource from the database .
truth: download a file . 
test:  null   download
truth:  download   a

test:  take a snapshot by using it and take it to take command .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  filters   check
truth:  take   a

test:  get the evaluated line .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap a naive decorator around a numpy array .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  execute   split
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test cross product with huge function .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  cross   cross
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int int int or int int to dotted quad string representation .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  int   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  add -> sparse tensor to a sparse tensor and returns it .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test error raised function .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  convert   rechunking
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert an input to a dense matrix .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  starts   remove
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  tests that the inverse of the mapping list gets added correctly .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  test   responses
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate edges in a minimum spanning spanning forest of forest forest of edges .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   edges

test:  decorator that marks a deprecation warnings when not not loading .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd using gcd from google gcd .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  get given stl fill given by stl .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   faces

test:  return the value of n elements x .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  encodes   polynomial
truth:  creates   a

test:  internal function to print a list of functions and stderr .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  returns   language
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  shim reduction reduction .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  null   versions
truth:  produces   null

test:  find a person entity for a person entity .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  update   method
truth:  get   get

test:  inverted hammer .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   baby

test:  takes a file of the structure from the file data structure .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  format   multiple

test:  check the current git status from git .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  make   filename
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a json file into a json file .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  behave   behave

test:  attempts to parse a list of file topymodel .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  force   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generates the relevant group of order orders .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   contextmanager
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function to format a warning the standard way to a warning .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  null   function
truth:  to   function

test:  return the list of all pagination entries .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  create   index
truth:  show   show

test:  kill a process with within the given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  kill   kill

test:  given a local name .
truth: in apps . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  null   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restores the kvm options from the command line options and create a new one .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   method
truth:  restore   restore

test:  create a hadoopcli client .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  yield n successive chunks from list with n elements this generator returns a list with probability probability .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  split   split
truth:  list   list

test:  lay out child elements in global sips .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  lay   return
truth:  lay   null

test:  helper function for pretty-printing the list of aliases aliases .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  search   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  return the name of the unicode string .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  unicode   return
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  extrapolate latitude/longitude given the heading and [lat .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  return   distance
truth:  return   bearing

test:  build the full path to a resource .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to unicode .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  encode   in

test:  logs tracking transforms .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize the ansible group if it is the ansible module .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  validate   function
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert a space separated string to a list of scopes .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function that takes in a list of paths and returns a list of values as a dictionary .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  make the numeric state of a node .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  function   null
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  detach the current key from session - marketplace - marketplace to normalize - session with the current user .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  takes   build
truth:  make   null

test:  finds and returns the first item in seq .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  nested   filter
truth:  null   element

test:  convert a scipy to list of values .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  class decorator that ensures that the underlying class matches the right class .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  wraps   a

test:  return the list of the item in samples of samples .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  sample   search
truth:  given   current

test:  return the user that owns a given file or directory of which the group follow_symlinks to return the user follow_symlinks file follow_symlinks indicated if the user follow_symlinks was not running
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  run tests with a particular module .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  run   setup
truth:  check   check

test:  this function provides the receipt for the usage: .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  abort   null
truth:  reissues   null

test:  validates that the given property is a valid integer or number .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  function that returns the directory name and the version of the hash implementation .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  looks   null

test:  return samples to a file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  file   a
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  used to mark a method that returns a list of current route methods .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  module   null
truth:  to   controller

test:  creates the tables for the given text field .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  like :func:dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  look for system backends and try to find what the module was available .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  compare two statuses and does not contain the given lhs .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  replacing   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes the given file .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  return python minion from the minion cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  lift   statistics
truth:  show   show

test:  prints an error message when given log file .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  print   log
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple names from table .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  because this is to be the main page .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  returned   null
truth:  send   send

test:  read from a file .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   function
truth:  to   function

test:  return the user client authenticated to use for the current user .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write in the trees in the given file .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  make   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get the members members for a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  generate a json file containing the location and return a json file .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  copy a file from an open binary string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   markdown
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets the reparse data for the specified file .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  get   file
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  decorates a function that returns seconds .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  prevents   null

test:  returns an unique string that represents a valid utf-8 unicode string .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return -> string return a copy of the string s with leading whitespace removed .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders the application .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  null   items
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  consume the message from the given url .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  blocks   reboot
truth:  consume   messages

test:  return the instructions for a given providers[provider_name] object .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   buffer
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  start a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  return true if filename seems to be a test directory .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  oscillator oscillator approach and preprocessor .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  do   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  a decorator that raises a urllib2 to the response if it doesnt exist or an exception .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  converts   checks
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  tries to staff .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  look   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the version that was used to perform searching .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  check   null
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to grab sessionmaker .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  restore a counter from the filesystem .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  restore   build
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a ctypes function that returns the value of the given function that returns a geometry value that encodes the given function that returns an integer value that the given
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  return a **module or interquartile item in the given series .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  transforms   return
truth:  construct   null

test:  swap two inputs of inputs using inputs .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  swap   null
truth:  if   in

test:  cast sparse variable into a theano datetime .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  returns   object
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strip ansi sequences from source .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  remove   source
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  return true if and only if g is biconnected .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find the full path to a file by name or folder name .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  find   a
truth:  file   file

test:  parse a requirements file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  union   apostrophe
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  prints a list of all comments .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  prints   a

test:  given the name of the app in the given application .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  checks whether the given value is a valid alphabet .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate random screen for the specified repository .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  filter the list of matching filter that contain the given cluster .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  include   return
truth:  include   include

test:  return an error if the error occurred .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  error   use
truth:  error   error

test:  extracts the list of choices from the provided helpful .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  if   null
truth:  select   null

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves all users from the network device .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  configured   null

test:  returns a list of pci requests for the given flavor .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  check   try
truth:  get   get

test:  show a single command .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  command   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies a sortexpression to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   fields

test:  set defaults that are only accurately to call defaults .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  add   attributes
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enable the output of the strategies function to make sure the event is run by eve .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  start   data
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns the error function of the first kind and its derivative .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   values

test:  checks if the current transaction is bsd .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  helper function for writing lines .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  null   trace
truth:  stripping   null

test:  adapt a model that represents a compiled blob .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  adapt   null
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create the contract creation for a specific contract creation .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  add   a

test:  skip a test if a test case is set to true .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  extract the response data from the jsonutils .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  null   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  set the output of the output .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  set   set
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that is requested with a remote user .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get local s3 image represented by id or raise if it does not exist .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   find

test:  add two numbers to a single string .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  unpickles and write the temporary dataset to the given dataset .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  redirects   script
truth:  runs   runs

test:  ensure that the threading limit in our db .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   options
truth:  test   test

test:  import a dotted class by path and return the attribute/class designated .
truth: source: django . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  null   django

test:  test that the stubs smtp method is removed .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  config   request
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the non-empty order of columns in the dataset column .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  format   items

test:  simple radian method .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  just specificity .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return wrapping if fits in a file is a copy of the file .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute a polynomial of the first kind of a polynomial .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns a decorator for a view .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  unlinks the given node and between node1 and node2 as node1 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  fill   compare
truth:  null   null

test:  create a random communities sequence of community sizes according to the community method .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  override an object from a listener type .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  include   new
truth:  takes   a

test:  searches for the specified query and searches of the first node: node: .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  query   null
truth:  use   database

test:  reset data to servers .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  null   null

test:  get a dictionary of objects of user ids and their values as an accessor .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of the admins that runs the particularly interface .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  return   a
truth:  collect   null

test:  this is a helper function used to make a ccx .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  function   factory
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write data to the postgres server .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  null   content
truth:  write   null

test:  view to get the contributor account from request .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  sending   correlation
truth:  view   view

test:  copy the file .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  output   output

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether or not the value is a list .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  serialize the given representation of a string .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  return a node that links to a partial resource name .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes the multi-class time of a model .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   layer
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper to create a variable initialized with more than another variable .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  creates   wrapper
truth:  create   a

test:  get the last item from the already exists .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the available wifi weather sensors .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a saved header .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return an archive which will remove an archive from a file .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  fetch   build
truth:  download   download

test:  get the equality of an object as inserted .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  build a branches for the given experienced .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   webhook

test:  receives the input from the datasets that receives receives .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  test spans override from item .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   span

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given version .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  add   a

test:  this function will build and stores the unittest in any args and times that were set up any set .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  searches   query
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  given a dict of keys .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  split   split

test:  return the argument name indicating which the callable is the function to be used in a structured .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  func   func

test:  parse foreign_keys file path from page .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  detects   null

test:  this test is a bug that computes the mlp model .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   square
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  save   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   null
truth:  initalize   null

test:  create a new project .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  cache   settings
truth:  create   a

test:  find root of a quadratic data .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  solve   fill
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fit one or more data for the svd .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  fit   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  determines whether the given name is trailing reserved with trailing .
truth: for example . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the hyperbolic sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the release string for a given python .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  generate   generate

test:  logistic growth model proposed in zwietering et al .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  note   note

test:  converts the given string from snake-case to a snakecase object .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  converts   subset
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  test installing a tool using hashed install --prefix .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sends the status code to every system status .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  to   function
truth:  list   list

test:  translates unicode data .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  decodes   latex
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to guess which type illumina an interface type .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  gets   helper
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  computes the z quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  sample   univariate
truth:  computes   null

test:  recovers sigmoid with cutoff at layer .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  null   tanh
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  update to a file .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  return the data as a buffer that represents the buffer to a buffer .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  detects   data
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  search query by setting the plugins in plugins .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  cancel all the alerts command line logging .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add a profile menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  disable metrics from aws .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  wrapper for interpolate_tuple .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  truncate   fastq
truth:  null   helper

test:  allows a value to be a instances of the given instance .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  replace   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check to see if the given command can be installed .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  check   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by negatives .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns the indices of the given iterables .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a term node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  header   null
truth:  create   create

test:  get an event object .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  add   get
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the network time zone .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  set   show
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a save storage instance configured with a different storage .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  to   function

test:  retrieve information about a particular package .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  given a collection .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the keyboard data in salt .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  write the entire text of a file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  write   a

test:  get a single releases linked to a group .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  search   get
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  null   minimum
truth:  computes   sin

test:  detach an existing virtual machine .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  to   api
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one byte string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   one
truth:  generate   one

test:  list of known plugins .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  command   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  return es in a given directory .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  to   file
truth:  yield   path

test:  create a test case for a unittest module and create a evaluation .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  input   a
truth:  process   process

test:  course-wide link to the document .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  link   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a service that can be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   compute_node
truth:  fix   service

test:  same as test_url_req_case_mismatch_file_index .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  return   return
truth:  figure   figure

test:  reset counter by technique time .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  query   query

test:  return the contents of an interface script cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns true if a string is a number .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  turn on formatted logging mode into the logger .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the 1-norm of a matrix exponential of sparse matrices .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert a string to its quotes and <br format .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  remove   separators
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the hash of the git hash .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  create a condition for the given args .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  input   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract dhcp configuration from dhcp querystring string .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  return   accept
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a signed message for the given message .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  disables aslr via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  enables   back
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  return the capital in the entire ast .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  evaluate   args
truth:  return   return

test:  returns task output file output to given .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  output   snapshot
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  does this filename contain a bad file object .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  if   check
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp options with dhcp vpc options .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  associate   error
truth:  test   test

test:  create a verifier to use when creating a key .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  for tests .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  null   logging
truth:  package   package

test:  update a datasets metadata .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  renders the given template with the given template .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  null   template
truth:  template   template

test:  fixture to provide a temporary dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for memoizing the recurrence to be a sequence of sequences .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  list   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  list all mounts on the system and the user .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   modules
truth:  list   list

test:  get the mysensors service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  return   find
truth:  get   get

test:  list of required tools tools .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   things

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  retrieve an identity key by name .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a mock validator .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc convert any string to bytes .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  domain   null
truth:  null   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd using gcd .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  gcd   gcd
truth:  to   try

test:  a wrapper around tree2semi_rel .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  null   overrides
truth:  format   a

test:  notify usage usage for an already exists .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  notify   calculate
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  equalize   return
truth:  return   return

test:  displays the code of a code that will be returned in the context .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   wrapper
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data for a chart file .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  reset the template and data for all checks .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  open a project by name and return it as a dict .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  url   open
truth:  return   a

test:  ignore the motion reader for the given event .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  process   process

test:  return the service .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  create a cache key for the given key .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  make   a
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the metric of the graph .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  template tag that audiotraintest the field from the cluster .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the google cloud storage zone .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  create   create

test:  locate a file from a url .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  locate   a

test:  calculate the lambda function of n if n == n .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create an tags for a resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   new

test:  raise if a message cannot be logged in the given stream .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a health pool for a given monitor .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  null   prefix
truth:  create   a

test:  given a context value .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  return   open
truth:  set   set

test:  documents the resource action of the given resource .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  return   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add intersections of the x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  set an image to disk .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  resizes   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  fixture to set up an topicsread .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given source .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   verifies
truth:  generate   a

test:  colors from remote host to proxy to the same port as the remote host .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  add   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  this function will check the exception for the given exceptions .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  translates   null

test:  get pci devices allocated to a node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  opens and try to compile the given file .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  read   open
truth:  execute   a

test:  set the messages level to the session .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  module importer - taken from a python documentation .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  module   module

test:  network and takes the network and drags it into the network .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  create   a
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require english .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   bar
truth:  require   null

test:  helper function to get discrete actions .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  get the requested movie play player object .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  step 1b handles -s suffixes .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  sends notification to a topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  send   send
truth:  read   messages

test:  returns the protocol and default oracle for a specified user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test linear test for cases that the linear test set of linear functions .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  compute a unique digest of text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  create   create

test:  converts the given value into a template .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  take the value of units .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  take a path .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  get   use
truth:  extract   null

test:  a decorator to decide which methods always be called .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  scale   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  asserts that the http server encodes the expected response and that the response is not a deferred server .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  perform a nonnegative integer analysis with randomly b in the integer retries .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  generate   randomly
truth:  use   use

test:  sets up logging based on mode .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  compress   add
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ vpc .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  compiles a raw source code .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  imports the data for the specified driver .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  module   connection
truth:  import   a

test:  a wrapper for internalerror .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  raise   decorator
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  return the indexes of the redirects indexes .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  index   index
truth:  find   find

test:  add a intercept panel to the current process .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   column

test:  return a string suitable for inclusion in a getting fashion .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  prepend   a

test:  computes the value of a variable .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  list all files in a given directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction where the image is less than the edge .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return information about the specified file as a byte string .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   path

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  time   a
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  detect if the node list is an redefines node .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  imports   check
truth:  detect   null

test:  square the value in a square way .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  square   binary
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  inverted hammer .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  engulfing   pattern
truth:  null   pattern

test:  return true if the given argument is a classic task and that is a classic .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  create a job of type names of the given job .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  null   method
truth:  starts   a

test:  provides a safe daily for the user specified in a particular way .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  start   a
truth:  display   a

test:  execute the all the modules from salt master and return the data in the state .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  update   a
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns the path to the program provided it exists and is on the systems path retrieved from code snippet by jay: url test-if-executable-exists-in-python .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  url   url

test:  convert the elements of the first n elements in hec .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  encodes   function
truth:  translate   translate

test:  decode a jpeg file into a jpeg record .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   call
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  returns the float value represented by a change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   audit_event_log_dir
truth:  returns   returns

test:  aaq the list of all languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  get   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  make sure the user is up to the server .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  if   check
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  convert the value into an integer or default value .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  to   value
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  waits for the specified assertion to become assertion expression .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  remove a ccx from a ccx to a list of strings .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  context   context

test:  imports the given module and returns the json object .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  generic validation function .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retry if the call to retry digit .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  loop   decorator
truth:  creates   a

test:  stop the specified server .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  to   run
truth:  stop   a

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  execute   get
truth:  create   a

test:  cli a query and query result to query .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  create   options
truth:  null   information

test:  return a string with unicode containers and newline .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  return   a
truth:  noop   noop

test:  return the default group of the named user .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  to   join
truth:  return   a

test:  return a set of service that are enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  internal function to strip the rarfile command .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  uses   module
truth:  uses   rar

test:  checks that the given entry is an encoded list .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  merges two sorted arrays .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  name   indent
truth:  takes   null

test:  given a theme plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   default
truth:  load   plugins

test:  divide l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  make the virtual code at revision active .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a fixture which offers a temporary directory .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether the possible code is currently leading in the region code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  function to return the offset of the current value .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  offset   offset

test:  returns the url of a github file .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  fill   number
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the overlap points .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete indices .
truth: close indices . 
test:  delete   indices
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates the standard error code of the mean of the sample standard deviation .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates the fasta/qual data account and pass it to the secret in the user .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test multi interpolation .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   inline
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function for extract all matches in given pattern .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get event manager from media player object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get the scalar temperature .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  reboot a machine by name cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  mark a function as complete .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test if collection creation is coerced to a figure .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   pull
truth:  creating   test

test:  close the package if were not a global one .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  validates   copy
truth:  close   close

test:  get the value from the first occurence of a character and the corresponding string .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  call poles .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  if   assert
truth:  check   check

test:  check to see if value is a message parameters dist : str extractors : writeme returns writeme : writeme value to be converted .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   response
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  delete tomcat .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  starts   start
truth:  start   start

test:  ensures the existence of a remote host .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  test   null
truth:  push   push

test:  test to make sure that file can be saved on file .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  function converts expr to binary representation .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes and returns a string .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  function   a
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return only those exceptions that dont have squint to a given value .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function for returning a set of items .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data portion of the rms parameters data : str dataset to load the numpy array .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set up common test cases for all owner in the given scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   set

test:  generate a list of tuples .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   urls
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns a two-coloring tuple of the graph r .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery on the next page .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  look up serializer for matching the given ip .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  ipdb breakpoint breakpoint .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  restart   test
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a list of files that are changed in the list of files that contain changed .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  disable paging .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  checks a list of values for given language .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  set   list
truth:  return   a

test:  get an external head account .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  account   account

test:  test that passing ratios .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  issue   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  return the member activation function by name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  returns   initialization
truth:  return   activation

test:  parses a query of data into a dict .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  make sure the given crash call to the crash .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  exit   null
truth:  do   null

test:  load collectors from all datasets .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise inequality between tensors and y .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   truth
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond5 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  get all users parent parent parent for a node .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  detect   url
truth:  get   get

test:  converts an object c{obj} into a python object .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  gets   article
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  group add view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   asset
truth:  add   add

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  null   deviation

test:  when a entry_points is wrong or not passed .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  build   up
truth:  create   a

test:  will disconnect all the requirements .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  print   topology
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  build the arguments .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  create   build
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  helper function to create a random color color with a doing colour .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   numeric

test:  return a value for storing the given python object .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns vhds .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  set   up
truth:  null   null

test:  update the updates where the given gildings is found .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a node for use when creating a generic tag .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  equality_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   equality_expression
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  returns the name of the architecture .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  retry_count   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  enable output of stdout .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  print   print
truth:  enable   console

test:  return the entry pair for the given api key .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   dict

test:  monitor the users password to do anything numbers and to interpolate .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  verify   time
truth:  null   a

test:  execute queries against sqlcipher .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  queries   pillar
truth:  queries   queries

test:  turn string or bytes to bytes .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a versioned relationship for a specified user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  get   relationship

test:  return the lower bound bound to the given number of more than the given previously :class:i18nstore .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  produce a join of variables .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  if   null
truth:  join   join

test:  custom formstyle for the onionshare shared fields .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  output   wrapper
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test losing of different from nodes: coordinates .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  creating   test

test:  ignore specific code describing specific code .
truth: check if options . 
test:  to   python
truth:  if   check

test:  executes commands on a remote host .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  execute   null

test:  main section of the script .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  array   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  parse an html string and does not exist .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   a

test:  computes the distance between x and y .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  run pending pending scheduler .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  run   run

test:  pass the image removing n-dimensional im1 and rois within network inputs .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  control   compute
truth:  project   image

test:  return whether the given package is a global system .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  configured   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return the part of this linux kernel executable .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  identify   null
truth:  return   a

test:  install ssl options .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   install
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  creates an ssl certificate .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  if   build
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  get or create a new email for the specified user .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   randomly
truth:  do   randomly

test:  returns true if the current request is a beta .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a datetime value to a time in the given string .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  make evoked data using a given background .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  evoked   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check for docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the url of a thumbnail in which the given alias alias .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  null   number
truth:  return   return

test:  make a factorize factorize all pairs having the given instance .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  move the range of things .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the current user from their appropriate tags .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  list   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return the difference between 0 and y matrix this utility function takes a pandas matrix .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  returns   power
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a new visual .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  initialize   matrix
truth:  set   up

test:  convert a datetime to a json datetime .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is changed to none .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  this is a wrapper for [servers] .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  djangos   return
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  generate a lock based on the xml-file id .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  write   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  this takes an parameters and returns a single string to make it shares it shares .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  float   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  computes the unicode representation of an string .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns true if and only if the given nodes form a independent set in g .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dynamically load a class from the module .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  load   a
truth:  module   module

test:  formats a list of tuples as vars .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  content   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  computes a random jitter with xs .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   data

test:  replace data in a form .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  unquote   wrapper
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the word .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  test if the defined code can be defined in uniform .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  makes a color from the database as a list of color names .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  function   a
truth:  build   a

test:  this will update all pairs of statistics below current pairs .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  runs   commands
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a datetime to a time in the system .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  time   null
truth:  convert   http

test:  rest controller @todo: restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  return the size of the image .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new http request .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  store   authentication
truth:  add   a

test:  gets a fixed ips from the values .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change email address .
truth: change users email . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  change   users

test:  push a python string onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete message page .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns the expected dict for the specified key of the specified key .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use this decorator to create an unquoted .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  expose   use
truth:  use   use

test:  fetches a list of all ports available for this tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   gcode
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  records a new request to be sent via celery .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  exception   handle
truth:  logs   logs

test:  enable the service cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  load   rdp
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  used to activities like equal to the projection or none .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  compare   back
truth:  compare   compare

test:  this helper function is used to go through a single process .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  function   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  create a new database session .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   session

test:  zero or slices the lets date .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  entries   entries

test:  this function returns a list of keys prefixed to list .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   create
truth:  get   one

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  gets the terminal size and strips wsgi size .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  try   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  module importer for the main function .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  poll poll tests and return true or false if image fails .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  resize   -
truth:  resize   a

test:  return a list of the users names in the given name .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieves an individual or list of more filters for use in a given string .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  log   data
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns an encoder for a sizer message .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  null   encoder

test:  cross-platform version of os .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  name   filename
truth:  null   null

test:  simple function that renders the baseline information from the given system .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  permutes axes in a tensor .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  emulate   return
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  horizontal reconstruction on a zero at the zero line .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   create
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  accept keys based on a glob match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  download   prompt
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decrypt the provided data with the given key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  decrypt   null
truth:  given   null

test:  utf-8 utf-8 encoding to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  like   utf-8
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  list channels in already-loaded .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  files   helper
truth:  generate   a

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  execute   information
truth:  return   data

test:  tests translator comments are stored and synced .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the root module to the container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns: absolute paths of the absolute paths of an absolute paths .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  view to actually handles the document get@process document info in the document .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  venonats female sprite -- same as male .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set debconf selections from name cli example: .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   system

test:  uk -  .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  -   function
truth:  -   -

test:  return the json id of a job .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  generate   string
truth:  create   a

test:  generate the weighted resizes of a single matrix triples .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  scan a dictionary and all its keys in dict .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  strip   decode
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the window registry that can be used for the application .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  run the test only .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  run   null
truth:  create   a

test:  check the icrs from a datetime .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  check   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  parse a json header into json .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute subcorr subcorr .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  fully-connected step .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  to   use
truth:  null   null

test:  create a bound parameter in the insert statement to the given insert .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  the root directory of zipline root .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  null   up
truth:  get   get

test:  read a dictionary and return value from the given fo page .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  loads   uses
truth:  read   a

test:  strip irc characters from the given string .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  setup and return canned instance according to the given method in method .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  setup   install
truth:  if   null

test:  colorize gettext .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  make   validates
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of all the create create a project project names for all related properties from the given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add the manifest to the manifest if it exists and version is true .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  review   page
truth:  update   extension

test:  return an event with the specified log stream .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  return   null
truth:  send   send

test:  this function finds an element that can be a random variable .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  starts   randomly
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return the opts directory of the opts .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this function checks if named file has a media file .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the value of the the checker version .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator over the cumulative sum of values in the given list .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  chunks   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add the number of interval to every packet of the most recent config .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  changes   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   like
truth:  require   a

test:  return memory currently function: function: console .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  null   counts
truth:  sample   rss

test:  test that the suggestion gives a batchnormalizedmlp .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  register a new exception class .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  add melded from loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pillar

test:  checks if a network is throttled .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  list partitions by disk cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  ensures that the provided value is positive integer .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given the necessary necessary .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  func   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  get the network interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the current host name of the machine to use .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  block   block

test:  compute the weighted objective function .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  verify   mean
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  check if anime is anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  if   updates
truth:  if   check

test:  create an imagefont object from missing service account .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  verify   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  return system boot time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  null   system
truth:  return   return

test:  add the menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  this is for getting interactive mode .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  clean   returns
truth:  clear   null

test:  list tasks .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   task
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  string   plaintext
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  returns the base url for a url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  url   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified 'brshow' should be profiles .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   items
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base64 encoded string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  returns   md5
truth:  compute   md5

test:  check that something expressed in the right distance of 0 are properly written .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  decorated   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  verify the homogeneity argument passed to the homogeneity function is not a homogeneity .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute the training response for an image then marks the tree .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a format name to use for the given format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  given   function
truth:  null   a

test:  create a file at the given file path or a list of paths to a random per per mod mod .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates a temporary file that runs a temporary file and returns a temporary file object that is a context manager .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  import a module and return the imports from the given module .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  like   like

test:  complete an openid request object with the openid args: request: the request object returns: a container request object .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  complete   null
truth:  complete   openid

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   number
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a new theano code with money bits .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  patch patches .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  server   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  attempt to execute the inputspace for the input frame .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  usage   groups
truth:  drops   drops

test:  check the file-like obj for the specified object obj .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the version of the pootle version .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  supplied   a
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  insert text into the cursor .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  check if a string contains only latin-1 chars .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new child mapping entry .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  convert a string to a chunk .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   complement

test:  returns an iterable with the given worker .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  extracts the result of the given object by the given method .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  list command line options that runs this command .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  print   markdown
truth:  help   help

test:  decorator that converts a wsgi application into a wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a eventloop eventloop for the given loop .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  create   django
truth:  returns   returns

test:  colorize mongo .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  repack data that can be passed to a dictionary .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  saves user to users to the users model .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  null   handler

test:  reverse the given image of the given image .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  project   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  the stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  check the file sanity in the evaluation of warnings .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  disables   check
truth:  if   check

test:  generate an identity .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  view   view

test:  gets the model row and returns a dict of the value of the model parameters .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  map   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get list of boot options from requested .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  traverses   command
truth:  get   current

test:  return iterator over iterator of iterator .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  null   product
truth:  return   return

test:  find the path to the given repo .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the currently selected control .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  raises   config
truth:  check   check

test:  create a new application instance .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  create   connections
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  helpful count of the most recent line format .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over all the progress widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  fetch   encode
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  generate unique uuid .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  calculate the score for the given list of values .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  put   put

test:  clean out assets from the assets database .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  cleanup   check
truth:  built   remove

test:  get the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the verisure platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test creating the adding new master to the url .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  catch   manager
truth:  check   check

test:  check if obj is a pair .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  individual insert statements via the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  insert   insert

test:  check that an image is a valid python type .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  test   x^-1
truth:  null   null

test:  return the list of loader and put this list into a list of wait_until: .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   a

test:  condense points for css .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export json file .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  export   doclist

test:  returns a list of module names from the given app .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  download all the workflows and checks to see if they are marked .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  create a until until it already been added to async .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  update the configuration in the default configuration dictionary based on the supplied configuration in the supplied configuration in the supplied dictionary .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  update   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the wunderground sensor .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the file signer .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   return

test:  declares some extra key to be created by the respective .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   a
truth:  declares   a

test:  test helper function to test proper permissions .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  if   in
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the spherical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   attribute
truth:  get   get

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform on top edge should be a binary image .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   entropy
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  collect the stats of the bucket holding it .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  grab   approximation
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a stream is a valid format for being used as an entry .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  lookup a synset into the specified id .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  starting   start
truth:  test   test

test:  compute fixed length of a fixed length .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  get ancestor variables of the collection of input .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   ancestor
truth:  get   parent

test:  request the specified openid from the database .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  show   null
truth:  render   a

test:  return the file timestamp .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make a hybi-07 frame with a 2 frame .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  create   iterator
truth:  make   a

test:  remove a package lock .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  specified   remove

test:  create a project for an absolute project .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  count   a
truth:  project   management

test:  return the base64 encoded data dir for the provided application .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filters all devices that match the given desc .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  list   list

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  returns the message storage on the last call .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  merge list of dictionaries into one .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merges   merge
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  manage ip list for smtp connections .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  ip   get
truth:  ip   ip

test:  verify we dont access __getattr__ while creating this class .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  pads the given task and set it as json set the given variables .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  store   store

test:  return a list of all available queues .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  landing page for support .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  we receive a function to force a custom server .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  get a list of columns with a single column .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  find   null
truth:  locate   column

test:  return the url for a wiki wiki url .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  null   text
truth:  create   a

test:  calculate the log transform based on the input table .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  gets   create
truth:  returns   log10

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test logarithmic interpolation with a bad line .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  logarithmic   logarithmic
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  rebroadcast(host_from_gpu(x)) -> host_from_gpu(rebroadcast(x)) .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  null   return
truth:  join   join

test:  make sure the tests of pip test cases when creating pip .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  deploy   content
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  demonstrate how a pdf fails with a simple test .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  test   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  register mapping codes .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if the project is available or the update and the given: if the project is the current project .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  return detailed information about a list of dicts: .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  list   need
truth:  return   return

test:  get the plural of a adjective or folder from a adjective adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the total wigner of the supplied range of the two matrices .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  return   ipv6
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  decorator that checks if user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the boolean value .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the comment model for the given model .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the base tree of the coverage tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  get   find
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a function to get the google cloud storage from the request .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove virtualbox additions additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  render   virtualbox
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  test   test

test:  if specified user is not authz .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ignore   null

test:  return the dot product of the given vector .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  return   matrixsvg
truth:  show   show

test:  calculates the approx error of a and w .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   find
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  dot product-based euclidean vector such that the sum of squares along axis .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  return   x
truth:  null   <

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  null   media
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return the metric name for this module .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given model has multiple primary primary .
truth: return true . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  looks up the vm by name and import its data .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing scripts .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a dictionary from a distributed index .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the distance between vectors in the correlation between vectors .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   information
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate thumbnails file .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  null   saved_file
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  check whether two values are equal .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  check   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  ask the user to see it .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run historical on the window .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  function   function
truth:  given   a

test:  returns whether the given request is running under the given request .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform a getmore makepatch .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  function   up
truth:  create   a

test:  convert sparse domain to brings .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  convert   information
truth:  map   y

test:  checks to see if the file has locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  return true if the element of the element with the given etags .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  match   use
truth:  test   test

test:  make a string encoded with the given known base64 encoded format .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  string   string
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator that checks if the user is a session .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   level

test:  return timestamp for start into a unix timestamp .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance name + cleaned_data -- cleaned_data cleaned_data true if were bound to a model instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  bound   bound
truth:  bound   bound

test:  factory for notify which require that the wrapped function is used .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert the input time value to a unix timestamp .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  time   compute
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is greater than the given stream .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  mapping all available updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  install   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set the preferred time zone .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the output of the running tag names and the values of running running in the running tag .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  filter   filter

test:  returns whether the specified db was passed in .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  send a notification .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  null   notification
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  appends the date into the template context .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  joins   print
truth:  outputs   a

test:  note: when the module is loaded .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   path
truth:  insert   insert

test:  resets problem state for all students in a particular module .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  null   problem
truth:  null   a

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  null   try
truth:  null   behavior

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return true if an objects should be used .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  repartition dd by percent examples .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  function   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load a file from a file .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  return the path to the template directory .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  load   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  determines if the number matches to a plural .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  port   null
truth:  to   prompt

test:  send an sms client which sends the sms to the sid backend .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  send   send
truth:  sends   a

test:  return a cosecant cosecant cosecant graph .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a matrix of sparse matrices .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  null   trigger
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 by provided image .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  a decorator that converts a function into a pandas decorator .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  takes a string as a list of int .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  takes   class
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  imports a modules .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  does   crud
truth:  function   function

test:  create matching objects .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  solves   rules
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the rate of the given wiki_document .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  return   find
truth:  list   list

test:  return an iterator over the data packed from a binary node .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  fast fast property of given property .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   property

test:  delete a security group or id cli example:: salt myminion group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the user for the named user .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return an saltenv bank key .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  to   create
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize oversample given value with the mean of an image .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the s and the placeholder cache for the given version .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate unique rst for the across script .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a range of one instance currently being used in admin .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   run
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the lxc lxc lxc lxc size in the technical .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  like   a
truth:  make   a

test:  toggle a reference count of media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   wrapper
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load if win32 libraries exist .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  checks that the value is a valid intent .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  send an email to self .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  return which level if level is true or 0 .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  return   replacement
truth:  convert   level

test:  least squares .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  assign   hook
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  estimate distribution parameters from distribution function parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have negative frequencies frequencies : distribution instance of observations for observations observations of the parameters including observations
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  estimate   compute
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  settings admin view .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  set   updates
truth:  view   view

test:  vectorized version of player .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file exists and is a chrdev device .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  as a pathname .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  select   s
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for events based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  plot the harris image of the connected image .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plots   corners

test:  takes file size and returns a base64 encoded size .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  string   format
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag to the given httpresponse object: if it isnt in the file path .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  add a value to the appropriate base name .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  text   case
truth:  append   append

test:  returns the stock rate based on stock stock and the stock stock works as a float value between stock and stock .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  tells   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set a dirty bit on quota configuration .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes an instance of the response and converts it to a response object .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop a list of the aggregator where the elements in the evaluation of the item is the .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  takes   find
truth:  null   version

test:  setup the track template .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: text produce a job .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   subject
truth:  null   null

test:  return an iterator over the cumulative range of the items in the given partition .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets the usernames of the usernames with the specified user .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a symbolic hash with the given message .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  append   style
truth:  is   result

test:  finds the pids of the given pid in the given server .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate all items of a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  pad   chunks
truth:  pair   pair

test:  regression test for a bug that caused to_string to crash for a few epochs on a tuple of theanovariables .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test sensitivity and specificity functions .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   find
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  sort a string according to sort a sort key .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  sort   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return inverse of dictionary with all keys stripped .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  check   converts
truth:  remove   remove

test:  checks the python source file is in this file .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  unpack a septets sequence into binary representation of the given sequence .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  init   items
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek one unit .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the hyperbolic sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  remove the english colors from the text .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   colour

test:  generate the directory that will be included in any folder .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  calls the method within that we grab this one .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  function   file
truth:  decorates   column

test:  determines if proxy is being monitored by proxy .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  render a formset **tag name**:: errors .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   formset

test:  restart a new service .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  returns   render
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install the media binscope .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   config
truth:  install   install

test:  local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   entropy
truth:  return   return

test:  sets a cookie header string to cookie names and redirects to cookie list .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  decorator that ensures that the user has present .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  parses and return the value of conjunctions and the first collection .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  extract   null

test:  redirects the specified password .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   return
truth:  reduce   a

test:  reads and reads an open file from a file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  reads   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  this helper function takes the vm diagnostics and returns a dict of server devices .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   function
truth:  compile   vm

test:  display a list of all review requests .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   get
truth:  display   a

test:  a helper method to get the list of reserves .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  return   null
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  called   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a {size:url} for the threaded content from the content of the javascript comment .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  writes the object to the queue .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  null   variant
truth:  writes   null

test:  helper function to check that the given extension to it in the list of message .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  if   function
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a relationship function from a class .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns true if the given successful successful upgrade .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  match   match

test:  look up serializer by name and infer a class with the given class .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  attributes   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a model object .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  print   null
truth:  show   show

test:  validates the response by performing it to the response .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  return the currently active time lock and the state .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  recursively converts a node to a svm node .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write contents to file .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  decorator for methods that may be run .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  get the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validates that the model passed in is supported by the constraints .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  return   validates
truth:  check   check

test:  return the stroke point of a list .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  ignore the warning .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  called   return
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  fires before user-entered code runs .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  run the __opts__[solr .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  fail if arg is on a pylint .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets google search result .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  start   database
truth:  sets   sets

test:  updates the users picture for a new user .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  alias for max_elemwise{x .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  selects   return
truth:  select   elements

test:  a centralized layout .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  execute   build
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns an encoder for a group field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  modify   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  tests changed languages since last sync .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  null   support
truth:  null   languages

test:  a factory that converts a list of tuples into a single tuple .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  return   null
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  run a task and return true if it exists and false .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  run   a
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   current
truth:  obtain   current

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  starts   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate wrapper shell script for the provided script .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  concatenate the given text and delete the result of kwargs .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the rosen function .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  null   summary
truth:  null   null

test:  return the default locale location .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  create   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a dictionary whose item is in the primer .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mark an exception as reconstructor .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  used for generating and -c .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  write the list of markdown files into this directory .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  log determinant stats from the specified log file .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  drops   tps
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  given the prefix .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  grow   prefix
truth:  command   command

test:  regression test for a bug that caused to_string to crash .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  sort   format
truth:  test   test

test:  convert the qos name to a callable object for <name> .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  apply a list of topics to each of the topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  update group_hosts errors .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  based   variants
truth:  null   tm

test:  return the repository of a given repository .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  get the ip adapter of a network adapter or a list of ip addresses .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the breadcrumb breadcrumb from a trace chains chains useful to make the trace manipulation for trace .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  header   callbacks
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test that selectionchanged works with duplicate rules .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  test   indexing
truth:  tests   tests

test:  true if the object as a boolean .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  strip   value
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of versions .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  return   string
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get info about the locate database cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  runs   return
truth:  get   current

test:  given a string value .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the handle to the thread-local constructor .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load the loss of function from prediction .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  score   contrast
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a audits for a given feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  generates   method
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the head part of a basename .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  given the path to the directory .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  to   get
truth:  find   find

test:  shows the rendered template as a string .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  render   null
truth:  mimics   django

test:  return true if potential is available .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify that the given credentials is a policy credentials .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  context   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the default graph .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  null   widen
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a new private key function .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a list of versions for the given server version .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  view filtered by type .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the image onto the specified background image and size .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  create   image
truth:  to   null

test:  find all gating milestones for the given course_key .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait to see select output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  performs a shell command to bootstrap a new location in the master .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  install   lookup
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  save the list of matplotlib params to the current matplotlib params .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  main method for listing the script via web server .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  launch a review branch dialog .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  get   a
truth:  diff   diff

test:  auxiliary function that converts a human readable string into a human readable mask .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the environment for the given app version .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to check if the specified dns has been added .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  walk   null

test:  date/time events .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  insert   chart
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the cpu formatting for a process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  run   types
truth:  function   function

test:  do some actual disc of array .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  make   data
truth:  function   function

test:  rotate a given number of points to n .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  rotates   a
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   converts
truth:  truncates   a

test:  ensure that the named snapshot is absent .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   package
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the appropriate distributions of the given parameters .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  time   dataframe
truth:  value   value

test:  computes the chi-squared points that actually be used to transform the first image points to the model points to the musicbrainz state .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  computes   crud
truth:  calculates   null

test:  returns true if the unit changes to the specified unit .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  build a list of tablename .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  list   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get inradius of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   maximum
truth:  get   minimum

test:  launches an entry .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the given integer or reverse reverse of integers .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get a cluster that matches the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  assert that the list of items occurs the same name is the same .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around six .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  make   quote
truth:  input   input

test:  some features from a model and returns a dict of two indented .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  convert   django
truth:  builds   a

test:  delete an object .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   usage
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  perform   null

test:  update flavor access for flavor given flavor .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  given   add
truth:  given   add

test:  decorator which adds a thread to the given thread .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  determine the list of resources in the given list of modules .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a localised unicode representation of a number in bytes .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  get   return
truth:  outputs   a

test:  find maximum y value for the duration of a vector3 value .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  read   up
truth:  find   minimum

test:  helper function to get the scaling policy .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  parse an s3 uri uri into a dict of absolute uri .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  map a relation type into a given type .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  null   map
truth:  map   relation

test:  convert unix timestamp into a datetime object .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  run   find
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  return the path to the current user .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  get   get

test:  get the evaluated link from the elementnode .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the unit enabled registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  prepare "attrs" and its managed jobs .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  fix   listeners
truth:  download   software

test:  delete ip address .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the container path to the container .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove leading whitespace from a leading line of text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  equivalent of ) .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  replace   pdp
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  helper function for extra_model_fields prompt .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  echo   try
truth:  to   null

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  server   server

test:  filters duplicates that contain iterable .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  duplicates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a date/time string into a time using format returned by rfc 2822 .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  url   string
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the status code for a given status .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   status
truth:  return   status

test:  get the windows value from the given object .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  return   check
truth:  get   get

test:  send a json representation of the given course .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  put   null
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  iterate over the records in a command .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  extract a fused definition from a fused definition .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given the input and factor .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  multiply   multiplication
truth:  null   *

test:  displays file does not exist .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   long
truth:  displays   current

test:  destination from a piece of files .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  source   source
truth:  null   a

test:  view function which displays an account .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  form   null
truth:  render   render

test:  remove keys from a list of functions .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  clean   null

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  simple test int .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  run   layer
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of http headers that are referenced by a given image .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that the instance is the correct instance .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  used   null

test:  returns a list of bfs from source to all node nodes in g .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience function for creating a string that doesnt contain a format string .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  format   format

test:  wait until the process has loaded into the expected reactor .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  take   a

test:  return a dict containing the various group of the specified package name the name of the port to remove the port to represent to represent the package .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  fix   packages
truth:  null   a

test:  validates the given inputs and integer values against the integer scale .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validate   value
truth:  scale   scale

test:  fixes the list of parsing nodes in multiple roots .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  surround   null

test:  test to ensure that our column can be instantiated .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  make   args
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   inequality
truth:  null   truth

test:  move line down to the current axes .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  format   move
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  set the expire on the password for the given account .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  set   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check whether the given user is certificates in the course tree and will be selected in the course .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  generate   queue
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieve the list of enrollments for the given user .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the of the current ioloop .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  get   get

test:  take the first vector of diagonal elements .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  null   product
truth:  cross   product

test:  test installing from a git url with latin-1 encoded where the child defaults value should never be installed .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  test   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  pick channels in this block .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   channels

test:  find unified diff of second-order and returns a handle to the 5-minute .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  output   output
truth:  generate   a

test:  create a qicon that will make a terminal palette .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a sequential palette from cubehelix to cubehelix .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get default currency as connected currency .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to mark a function as unauthenticated .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  extracts the url and data from a secret .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a stable url for a stable argument .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  enable the named service to start at boot .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   check

test:  extracts the http response from a list of requests .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new empty shortcut for a given slot .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   compute
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  decode the multinomial data from a python string into a locale .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  return   parameters
truth:  check   a

test:  remove a single tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  open a file from the path as a protocol .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  ensure   method
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  decorate a function that prints streams of streams .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  code   decorator
truth:  replaces   a

test:  push a child mirror repository mirror tools .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  log   logging
truth:  apply   a

test:  return a new theano link .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  show the list of all available backends .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  add   add

test:  notify subscribed users about new translation .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  notify   notify
truth:  notify   notify

test:  detects the configuration of the specified path .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  detects   html
truth:  get   nginx

test:  setup the rfxtrx .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  set   find
truth:  setup   setup

test:  defines the set of extractors .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  list   uses
truth:  return   a

test:  when a dictionary with keys converted to a single line .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  function   a
truth:  set   set

test:  reduce the modules to include all available setuptools in the list of env .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  create   a

test:  set adjust option as integer .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  adjust   adjust
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-legendre quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the given file is valid .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  null   null

test:  return the amount of memory allocated to vm .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  lock   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieve information about the output of a magic job .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  escape special html characters .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check whether the given course is access to the given course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return details about the doctest .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  function   return
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the homematic thermostat .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account table details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  get api method for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   api

test:  returns true if the container exists .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if the action has the given permission for the given permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  backend   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute the prior prior to the given prior .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  to   float
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  convert val to the appropriate type string .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the most recently created for the application .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  fetch a task entity by id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  get   a

test:  registers vcs handler for the registration plugin .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  registers   vcs
truth:  to   decorator

test:  concatenate the given arguments and block into a single process .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  build   d
truth:  render   a

test:  check that the minimum version is a mayavi version .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the python source name .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  convert a datetime object to a string value .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  to   return
truth:  given   day

test:  test subtraction of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  causes   commutators
truth:  test   epochs

test:  parse the snapshot of a snapshot into a dict .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  xml   xml

test:  generate a random string of the current shape shape .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert part of a space to a string .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  strip   utility
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates a fake usage of entity on the given attribute .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  creates an instance of a class .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  for testing .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  point   point
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient methods that checks the value is not implemented .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  formstyle for the longitude page .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  renders   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  generates new versions of compile rate rate .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate a list of users for the given bits .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  uploads an object to a bucket .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  find the evalf of the given function and return the list of functions that represent the given function .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  assign   find
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   rasterization
truth:  test   test

test:  windows specific file as raised by windows .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  is   null
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return a matrix to normal by degrees of reflection reflection and normal reflection .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   matrix
truth:  return   matrix

test:  converts a non-naive dict to a dict .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  load a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   try
truth:  load   load

test:  convert something into a string with appropriate quotes .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates the word that each word in the input data .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   lookup
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  duplicate regression transform .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  obtain input reader reader reader according to given mapper params .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  determine   up
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure that the named index template is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  takes input in the shape of an image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  does   calculate
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return true if the given string is a valid ipv4-address .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the url of the given url .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  to   git
truth:  url   url

test:  configure the service in a thread .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  run   a
truth:  start   a

test:  restful crud controller - not normally exposed to users via a queue .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  returns a new id with the given id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that you can create all matching up to create a new database .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  get   test
truth:  tests   editable

test:  sets the cuda status of the cuda expires .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  change   set
truth:  used   function

test:  return the page link to a page .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  renders   page
truth:  null   one

test:  returns a function that returns a local path for sys .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  encode   get
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if given sequence is valid .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the homematic thermostat .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  returns the greatest common divisor of a and b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the pootle version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  does the cached digest for the given may occur .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  returns   pattern
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory to track state changes .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  synthesize stim events from the channel channel .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  null   list
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  this is more than one label due to typical more than chunk used in threshold due to rfc times .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  redirects   part
truth:  draw   a

test:  takes a single line of the specified private line from each line .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  determines   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return lines formatted from "xfs_info" code .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  function   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  run a shell command on a given command .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  return   service
truth:  extract   null

test:  displays the display options that should be used by the console settings .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  given   a

test:  this function checks if an expression is of a u and not the same time will fail if the segments is given .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  register   null
truth:  model   a

test:  load the train given file .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  load   filename
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of matching state for the given list of tuples .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  gets   null

test:  return an failure that share the given failure .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  if   test
truth:  generate   generate

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  test io .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  label   tempdir
truth:  io   io

test:  factory function for making a simple estimators .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  construct   a

test:  parses a handle in different formats for a specified handle .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the path to the theme theme if it exists .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we have a duplicate keys for microsoft commands .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   move

test:  for testing .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  default   str
truth:  null   docs

test:  same as not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a keys from a list of objects .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  parses a query given as a string argument .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  raises the module if it is not at boot .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  initialize   parse
truth:  initialize   null

test:  locate and return a role function from its role .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  not create the height test for user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare region of a packet in the given bounds .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  compare   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check the stats for the authorization .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  widen the preface gcode text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  profile   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  absurdly config file if were unedited then the given content is unedited .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  project redirects to preselected project view .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  prints out the user access control list .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  dump   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get a media request id .
truth: the media page . 
test:  returns   media
truth:  null   media

test:  convert an integer to a string .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the current project or the current project .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  returns   join
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the number of versioned hmac hmac body .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse the given request uri into a standard header .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  gets the value of the given model between the given model .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  sends the output of the block to the context .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  return   output
truth:  save   stdout

test:  helper function for transforming utf-8 distribution .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   measurement

test:  align -> int rounds alignment with the lower elements in the input array a given interval .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a config file .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute m to an item with zero or more than one or more rsa .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  measure   user
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render a icon **tag name**:: attributes .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   a

test:  run command on a subprocess .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  execute   run
truth:  capture   capture

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  returns a wsgi environment variable which matches the current environment vars .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  return   profiler
truth:  return   a

test:  writes provider configuration .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  computes the inverse of square matrix .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this function finds an object that can be documented by the given number of paginate or ordered page .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  find   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  convenience function for creating and return a url for the given url .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   connect

test:  test import .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  checks   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute the salt cloud provider .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  call   call

test:  parse input and return a datetime object .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parse   validate
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  get   get
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute the fingerprint of a list of paths .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multidimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  extracts the system seconds from the current system .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   error
truth:  get   get

test:  create an image from the local data .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  load   image
truth:  create   create

test:  get the repository repository by the name .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  write local data to standard home settings .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  log   null
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if the complex complex points form a sharp corner corner corner corner sharp sharp sharp sharp .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   build
truth:  if   null

test:  test logo of logo data .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   logo
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a deferred that contains the given string .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  string   log
truth:  given   a

test:  add enrollment attributes to the corresponding student for the given user .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  physicists polynomial .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  wait until a server has completed .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  open or create database tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   close
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: builders-from use name to define html attributes from the build .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata for use with sign .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   up
truth:  generate   generate

test:  show the hidden action .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  return   shorthand
truth:  function   function

test:  invalidate students certificates for all students in the given course structure .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  port   returns
truth:  generated   null

test:  copy a snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  make   a

test:  return a list of all the tests .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  clears the plugins .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   filesystem
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  helper function to get the rendition for a given tool .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  returns   wrap
truth:  obtain   a

test:  converts a name that is valid .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  read   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a role from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  rename playlists .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  verify   open
truth:  rename   a

test:  write the list of rules .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  writes   worksheet
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator that allows a function to be called with position position in position of position or a single position .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  computes the inverse of the elements of a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  marks a test as deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  flags   a

test:  factory function to get a class for the given alias .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   create
truth:  load   class

test:  find the maximum flow of the maximum flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  alternative boxcox to the b-spline function .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  raise   method
truth:  return   a

test:  test program when .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  download a new disk to the instance .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  allow the logged in the database to show a file .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  encode the specified exam as being a entrance exam .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  assign   monitor
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return true if path is a unsaved .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  create a figure with a given use_gridspec plot .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  declare the given function and declare it with the given function .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  partially area of the area of the b-spline function .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  null   function
truth:  compute   area

test:  strong the target .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  if   span
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  displays a message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  text   null
truth:  print   a

test:  return a fuse .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  kills   equalization
truth:  null   null

test:  return the list of port names for the current cluster .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  to   up
truth:  return   return

test:  move to the next history list .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  move   move
truth:  to   move

test:  creates a blockdevice_id for an object .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  constructs   a

test:  make a logrecord .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  format   format

test:  initialize the global qwebsettings .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  escape   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  removes role from username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  replace   role
truth:  remove   role

test:  tries to find and get rid of the first item from text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  find   handle
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get the global ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a file by name the file to be removed if it isnt going to remove a file .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  parse   a

test:  wrapper for prototypes .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  get   call
truth:  if   checks

test:  check that we can still make sure the table is not part of a single test .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  make   testing
truth:  pull   pull

test:  imports an object by name .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  import   a

test:  train a case where the mlp looks like it .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  calls   script
truth:  function   function

test:  check to see if the module exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  iterate over records .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterate   enzyme
truth:  iterates   null

test:  only work on systems which default to work on solaris .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  returns   load
truth:  set   set

test:  set the aesthetic style that make the connection .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  make   set
truth:  set   set

test:  default billship handler for shipping views .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  null   subroutine
truth:  default   default

test:  fail if the two token are equal .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version as a floating point value .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   return
truth:  null   system

test:  converts a string into an intersection string .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  function   string
truth:  combines   null

test:  send activation token to the single user token .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  email   send
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the logs of the logs .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts binary buffer to bytes .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  ensure   bytes
truth:  cast   a

test:  a context manager that returns an actual time to a time for a given time .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  create the footnote secret key based on the given data .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  generate   generate

test:  sends an application credentials that displays the default credentials .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  default   item
truth:  returns   application

test:  sorts the given version of items in the list that match the given version .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  dumps the javascript data into a json string .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dump   task
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect multiple option values into a single string .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  return the configuration value for a given target name .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the given host is allowed .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  make sure the given state is loaded .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  control   set
truth:  set   status

test:  parses the querystring querystring for a long or a string like user:group .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  load   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  used to get the virtual environment from the salt master cli example: .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  files   url
truth:  to   null

test:  converts the target to a file from the target in the config .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  is   null

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print the value of the given layer .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   get
truth:  print   print

test:  unpack -> version_info .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   data
truth:  unpack   a

test:  generate a pairs for an array of pairs and returns a list of pairs .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  determine format for given document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  returns   html

test:  uninstall a feature args: feature : the full path to the feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  disables   null

test:  converts an integer into a string for use in a dns message if no values are not found .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  to   filter

test:  get the pci device name for the pci device .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  filter the list of front objects to show .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trim   a
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve the name for a user .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  to   return
truth:  name   resolver

test:  calculates an integer based on a byte number .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  create   tuple
truth:  encodes   a

test:  provide the tooltips for the hazard filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  to   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  get a list of the fallback header names and their locales accepted .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the androids hits .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  function   function

test:  get the settings to the accessible models .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  corrects the specified css to the database .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  null   pass
truth:  replace   replace

test:  choose a random boundary .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  choose   null
truth:  return   a

test:  strips the pattern from the prefix starting with prefix .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  function   null
truth:  detect   null

test:  get the url to the comment anchor .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  to   return
truth:  get   get

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from gray to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  this waits for parallel to pickle .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  run   control
truth:  run   a

test:  create a function that takes the functions and reverse_url_func .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  apply   calls
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a list with all objects names from the given node with the given graph .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  grant access to set a specific set of folders and ensures that they can be loaded in the shared folders .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  enables   a
truth:  access   access

test:  return true if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  tests that file encodings on encodings compressor .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  to   build
truth:  null   null

test:  view function for signin .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  form   show
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the multiplication of two matrices .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  null   weeks
truth:  null   relu

test:  get all the list of matching classes for a product .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   get
truth:  matching   matching

test:  set the rgb color of the value of hls .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  set   add
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  works as a path .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  strip   method
truth:  convert   paths

test:  indent text .
truth: indent text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return a inclusion menu .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  register   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   return
truth:  compile   a

test:  create a base class for a given target .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  close the current file so that it will read the next file .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  returns the absolute url for the given path .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  construct   method
truth:  return   a

test:  save data to the specified path .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  saves   data
truth:  saves   image

test:  set nginx for bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  default   ssh
truth:  set   nginx

test:  returns a list of all kb urls .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   redirects
truth:  list   list

test:  get all or more linked linked to a release .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  walk a dict or list of dicts .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  return   a

test:  directory path to the working directory of a directory .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  add   return
truth:  require   a

test:  data: data: index .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  returns   gcd
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  factory function for creating a simple test run before : .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   distribution

test:  returns the mor by id or property value associated with the given user_id .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the url to the given http token .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  fetch   returns
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  destroy the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the revision name for the given app .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: jenkins this plugin allows records to be a job .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   groovy
truth:  null   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  null   use
truth:  test   test

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  text   read
truth:  read   read

test:  computes the gaussian neighbors of a wav neighbors .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  save   null

test:  lists a list of all zones .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   create
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute rms stats for sentence .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   decodes
truth:  save   null

test:  unwraps an interface .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  null   add
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parse a gcode file from a gcode file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  generic function to determine if the toctree of the given request .
truth: view that . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  view   view

test:  tests that timezone are in contributors and determine if datetimes is not provided .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  get   get

test:  save the given model to the supplied model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  save   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a single transfer section sections .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate share links for all tasks .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  add   a
truth:  share   share

test:  make sure that any of the element are validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  replace   html
truth:  process   process

test:  returns true if string represents a str .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given an qurl .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  resolve   transport
truth:  get   transport

test:  perform a binary digest of the full package with old binary .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  check if the image id is an image id for this image id .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  performs a copy of matrix ddp .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  is   representation
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate all prefixes in a sequence of lists .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   n
truth:  generate   generate

test:  wrapper around get value from expected value .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  determine   application
truth:  use   a

test:  entry point for the lamps .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  add   setup
truth:  null   alternative

test:  eclean -> true/false .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  registered   norm
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the md5 hash of an object .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  dimension dimension dimension if its a simple nonzero nonzero dimension .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the named function doesnt exist .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the email address on a specific image .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  url   null
truth:  mask   mask

test:  given a tuple to a python type .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  given   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  check if a process with the given process .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  null   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  new field add .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if the julian basis to be added to the client app .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  null   space

test:  if request contains a query parameter .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  flattens   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  get class by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  to   find
truth:  get   symbol

test:  create a class that turns all of the specified interface into a generator of sync threaded .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   use
truth:  create   a

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort an iterable .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  converts a title name to a python value .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  null   args
truth:  null   a

test:  get a path with only the points from the loop .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   portion

test:  the the listed in the salt module .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  decodes   validate
truth:  to   tests

test:  checks if the identity identity identity is the queue .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  store   a

test:  repeat -> int calculates the lowest error of an input variable .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  verify   power
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return a single space or none .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  strip   esc
truth:  null   null

test:  request a task to be rescored as a background task .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run a function and retry it if it exception exists .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  retry   a
truth:  function   function

test:  sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  to   function

test:  returns the multiprocessing global namespace .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   home
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   apply
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  add chunksize data to the list of chunksize inc .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  add   new
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a response for caching product of a given type .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  ljust -> string return a right-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for methods that tries to figure out if the object is not a method that wont get .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  function   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a string and return it as a dictionary .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  string   a
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  get the version string .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  format   format

test:  return the matplotlib options from loaded .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if coalescing is a two sequences of the specified iterable .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   a

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   members

test:  return a multivariate coefficients of f in x_j in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  leading   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  a :meth:git function which computes the network to match the given network .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   utility
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  only load this module if m2crypto is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle tristate output bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  when we have ssl filesystem folder .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  called when prefs dialog is requested .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  assure   null

test:  helper function to get the service configuration from the rest interface .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  interpolate between from_value and to_value t given the value t [0 .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  returns   formats
truth:  null   inverse

test:  encode a password as base64 using the encoded format .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a container .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  add   swap
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with topo_view instead of x .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  test   train
truth:  using   train

test:  destroy the given instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  convert a time in seconds into the excel date format .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of unique constraints for the given table .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   a

test:  sample mv from a mixture distribution parameters dist : array_like or sample array a mixture of mv value or sample array of numbers : int .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  convert to a string .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  converts   quote
truth:  null   cases

test:  gets the contents of the file from the specified file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  file   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  function for qkeyevent with old interfaces .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  null   function
truth:  interpret   null

test:  guess the extension based on a dict .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  queries the query and returns the resulting flag .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  takes   success
truth:  query   query

test:  bans a twitter account from showing up a aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  unignores   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the list of the names of this plugin .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  halt the specified zone .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  prepares   a
truth:  halt   null

test:  performs each mean of iterable with sample elements removed .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a string contains columns in the given list of columns .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  return   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new theano variable containing the value of the first dimension .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  fixed   convert
truth:  null   utility

test:  send an consume form to a request .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  add   null
truth:  email   email

test:  print helpful information .
truth: prints b . 
test:  iterates   usage
truth:  prints   b

test:  decodes a document .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  document   document

test:  return true if filename is a syncfile .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   framework

test:  share config .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  generate   time
truth:  make   null

test:  compute the epipole and explicitely explicitely from the svd .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  compute   dfs
truth:  computes   null

test:  return largest integer asserts that is inf .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set new video key .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  transforms the input data into correct data and list of arrays .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> expression .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  turn   windows
truth:  null   const

test:  compute the ang statistic for a edf+ .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  return a dict of audio objects of the specified devices .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  private function that enables the log of the standard error of the expected log .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  tests if list of items of several slices is overlap .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  init   color
truth:  compute   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test on teamstats class .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  make   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  convert symbols like i to restart cmdmod .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   characters
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove an iis virtual host .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert a config can be changed on config return a list of config values .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  run the command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   nat
truth:  run   a

test:  encodes a 64-bit bit into an integer .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encodes   reverse
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  restart an iis application .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  restart   restart

test:  update the specified api description .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  fftsurr window .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  load only the specified kernel module if it exists .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  dump error message but continue the message .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  error   error
truth:  error   error

test:  validates that value matches regex on a given register attribute .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  value   value

test:  pass in an image .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  replaces   remove
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  whether a site has a stable stable entry .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the soundcloud note that a api_version device is none .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  push   permissions
truth:  pushing   a

test:  the list of registered module .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the pokemon size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  to   access
truth:  to   access

test:  updates the old rollout hash .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  if   updates
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic 3-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rewrite input into an appropriate warning .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  rewrite   null
truth:  to   try

test:  make sure that line and different values of the right distance from the standard constant settings .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  given a service element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  take   a

test:  print a message with the given name .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  builds a youtube prefix for the provided prefix string .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  builds   logger
truth:  build   build

test:  loads the specified user .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  convert   tests
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  a function to audioclip a temporary loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loops   loops

test:  get password for given doctype .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return intensity or jedi-vim .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  null   summary
truth:  allows   null

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  unsubscribe a @never for a given token .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  time   send
truth:  null   null

test:  calculates the trimmed scoreatpercentile of the mean of the sample .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  estimate   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get all defined ips .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  get   load
truth:  gets   null

test:  get all visible namespaces .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the transaction status .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  test if there is a list of nodes or dictionary .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  create a message from the grbm_smd text .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   create
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  asserts that the task meets no validation errors .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  signal   error
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  fixture that mocks the fixture into the keyparser object .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper to create a bcache sysfs .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  null   log
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator for marking a test case .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse setup statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  string   string

test:  given an importtask .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  strips   find
truth:  get   a

test:  returns all spaces with any single space replaced with a single space .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the list of strings as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurs   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  initialize the vm handler for the given resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  remove all keys from a specific set cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new dictionary with all the keys of the given dict .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sends a callbacks to the console .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  watching   send
truth:  send   a

test:  tests that we can label their trash when they dont have a folder trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the status for a service via systemd .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  try to import a module given its name .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  default   try
truth:  imports   a

test:  this module is the initalize .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  intialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute the categorical from distances between vectors and vectors .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  compute   zipfile
truth:  return   return

test:  serve a twitter api dispatch on a given uri .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  request   request
truth:  to   try

test:  removes whitespace including tab and newline characters from the input .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  replaces   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  creates a list of crash to find images in the crash report .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  given   null

test:  make a form field from a list of optionally -> -> dict .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  process the notification notification through the given path and save it .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  function   build
truth:  process   process

test:  load a model by name .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  load   deserialize
truth:  null   null

test:  takes in the command_map of the branch .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  build   scipy

test:  check for parallels configurations .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  reads the current request .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  performs   a

test:  create an in-memory configuration object for this module .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  it does upgrade a vcs requirement that has no distributions otherwise .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  installing   queues
truth:  null   null

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get incoming shape from incoming .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  uses   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to load json data from json .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  ip   null
truth:  import   a

test:  set the api parameter in the api .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  set   a
truth:  module   module

test:  create a profile dict from ini .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  create   build
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects whether source is likely to be eval() .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  test for the desired html responses in the software locale .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  null   prefix
truth:  test   html

test:  turns a console keys into a dict .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  demonstrates the calendarexample application .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypts a string .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the socket file file for the given file .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  raise   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  convert a string into a iterable .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a commit message with the given suggestion .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  this sets the degree into the given number of solutions and returns the number of values .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  read a python record from file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  get   homepage
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a list of for the given mapping .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  some nvidia driver function allows arbitrary driver to be set correctly with a random driver .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  make   path
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the expected diff for each diff and the usernames configuration .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  to   add
truth:  computes   null

test:  validates an xml schema against the given target dictionary .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   a

test:  blockdevice a volume from a blockdevice_id .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  look   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  for each subject string in the series .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  find   groups

test:  ensure that given database is absent name the name of the user to remove user to remove user the password of the database to remove the user host the password
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the current title to use for the github api .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  download   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert text .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   str
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete a job by id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a "compute" query object .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  return   sparse
truth:  get   get

test:  move the input stream to the history .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   part
truth:  move   back

test:  replaces instances like concat with concat_ws(mid(char(0) .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  replaces   encode
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get known connection from variable_list .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  null   find
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator that ensures the decorated function is used .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  start debugging .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  given   a

test:  finds the list of dirs in the list of word [1]_ .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  start the application mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   starting
truth:  start   start

test:  updates an cache slug for the given id .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  wait until the given content is loaded .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  note   note

test:  create the student to create a dataset .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  filters   cert
truth:  function   function

test:  clean the ccx of a ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  given a list of headers .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  split   null
truth:  given   a

test:  expands given string and return the compressed .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  function   function

test:  get a block device mapping id to find the passed image mapping from the passed in .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  round   null
truth:  block   block

test:  return the contents of an object .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  select   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a random string with the given length .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorator to check if onlyif is available and can be used with :py:func:~ckan .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  to   up
truth:  to   decorator

test:  replacement for *tag* .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  parses   balance
truth:  validates   validates

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an expression that doesnt translate a sympy expression to a sympy expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  create a human readable version .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  quit   a
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  extracts the function code from a code object .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the commit state output into a git repository .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a specific child zone .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse the replica-set and carrier mask for a entry .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  parses   details
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  api: send a test to the output .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  send   send

test:  helper function to return all possible functions in expr .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  converts   vim
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   filename
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  null   null

test:  reads the header and returns a list of the first colon .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  null   return
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  acquire and validate the settings in the given settings .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  log   failure
truth:  null   method

test:  do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  do   null

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  to   set
truth:  null   virt

test:  get all receivers from sender of their receivers from all implemented .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  signal   list
truth:  list   list

test:  common divisor function .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a operator that validates the given audio file .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get vector3 by point .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve the smtp log for the smtp virtual server .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  package   log
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  when the hibernate function fails .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   windows

test:  private wrapper for computing the mutual non-zero .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return line numbers for the line .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   get
truth:  obtain   line

test:  delete a vm vm : string vm to be deleted options cli example: .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  the dimensional samples in a topojson fashion .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  reduce   a
truth:  null   a

test:  length-byte stream of random data from a seed .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  retrieve the contents of a package .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks that g represents a groebner groebner basis .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json resource to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check that value is arbitrary arbitrary arbitrary unit unit .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  test rotated overlay overlay added to the same result as per overlay .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   markup
truth:  test   image

test:  return a list of the zones zones cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  display   a
truth:  displays   a

test:  creates a package .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  decode a single header value to a single header .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  validates if all of the fields are the same .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   validation

test:  return true if the named service is disabled at boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  handle exceptions by message handler .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  figure   handler
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns a list of all the exploration rated by this process .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders a placeholder 10 10 .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  render   a

test:  adds the specified policy to the specified key .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  add   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  iterator over all csv files within csv file .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  performs the metric on the local device .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  does   int
truth:  display   display

test:  find the avatars .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  are   new
truth:  if   check

test:  convert e to osbornei .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   tan
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   geometry

test:  writes data to file .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  write   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the value of the running services .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  verify   color
truth:  get   a

test:  return the current status .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific bufr handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return iterable of lists of chunks in |chunks| to the audit order .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  yield   homepage
truth:  sort   sort

test:  escape & .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  escapes   escape
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data .
truth: load the data . 
test:  generate   load
truth:  load   load

test:  decorator to set the value of priority .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  callback   use
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the error message peak on the current host .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  generate   trigger
truth:  null   null

test:  given a page of page links .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  null   one
truth:  return   return

test:  write translation data to standard output file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  save   set
truth:  write   a

test:  back-end method to add a person entity to a person entity .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  add   method
truth:  null   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  format   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a color is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  compute fft .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  test   tfr
truth:  function   function

test:  return the source line of a source object .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  search   lines
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  guess the amount of files in a list of keyboard .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   attempts
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns the team state to the given team .
truth: given a request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  save blockdevicemappingitemtype to json .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a subscription protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a list of the names of the language codes .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  known   find

test:  return a module and a module .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of posts that should be used as a list of three tags .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  takes   token
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   containers
truth:  running   running

test:  generate localized events based on the current list of events .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  make   generate
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a mod path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  compute bounds of two distributions .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is the ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tries to execute all detected records .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  extracts documentation from documentation file .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  create   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  decorator to provide a set of *token* values .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  give   find
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load jose private private key and return a dict .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  loads   authentication
truth:  load   rsa

test:  get a humanize date in the database .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  retrieve   configuration
truth:  format   date

test:  show html of the command and update .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  checks   program
truth:  function   function

test:  sorted sorted array and returns failure failure .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   method

test:  view that redirects a password to the current user .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  view   view

test:  translate a message to a public controller .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  abort   null
truth:  translates   null

test:  displays a string with data bits until it is not installed .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  color   names

test:  this is called at the users clip .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  null   one

test:  convert decimal representation to printable representation .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new modulestore instance for the given signal .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  applies a single oracle to the specified oracle .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  applies   null

test:  return true if the named service is installed .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return all rows of a cursor as a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to start a worker worker .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   contextmanager
truth:  embedded   start

test:  returns the product method of a given distribution .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print the stack frame to limit pre-processed entries from limit to limit to limit returns: traceback traceback the limit number of consulted if the limit to limit are sent to
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   text
truth:  print   up

test:  return points at a list of points .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  filter a dictionary of data from a serialized file .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  cleanup   one
truth:  samples   samples

test:  return a cache registry for a cache registry .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  am   am

test:  the restful handler for orphan and requests .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  executes the command .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  executes   returns
truth:  executes   a

test:  test the attribute of a bound as bound for passing to the given bound .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of xblocks possibly the xblocks user for this course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  compute greatest factorial factorization of f in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  trivial   polynomial
truth:  raise   f

test:  make a user out of the current request .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  to   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a specific number of bench .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return the version string for the process .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on the first element of the fitness .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  connect to the add-on and return the result of the app .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  to   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  get the db type for the given provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  decorator that checks if the user has access to the given course .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  elliptic digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  create a flat matrix of the probability distribution positive skew indicates that most of the values passed to the nearest non-zero i have a random expression .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get key rotation for specified key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   status

test:  return a dict of all the provided etag at runtime .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  function   function

test:  merges multiple pairs and values that raise an servers value .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  a http console login to the console login and decorator to the console if any password contains no console .
truth: login to router . 
test:  prints   show
truth:  to   login

test:  normalizes the python interpreter to bool .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  takes   converts
truth:  change   change

test:  simple case of uploading one or more file is adding various pool .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  null   case
truth:  try   a

test:  reverse colorize .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  init   module
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  given   null
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the path to the contract contract .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  returns   utility
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new event transaction .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  this executes the generated command and pressed the default translation function for the cla .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  makes   op
truth:  parses   parses

test:  given a list of prefix .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  decorator for notify which methods are not always returning a unittest .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  validates that keyboardinterrupts is a valid event_date .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  parses   validation
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  display display content graphdef .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  create   shorthand
truth:  display   a

test:  given a list of article .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  given   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return an element with x in y .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  check   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  list all of the files stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure parameter passed to the default value .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  makes   value
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  makes a string for text by suffixing a double-quoted text .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  split   split

test:  computes the multi-class backprop reader .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  step   helper
truth:  null   a

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   a
truth:  null   a

test:  send note to users .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  mark   log
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  this function is used to set a mapi dictionary to call this method .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  6 devices from a local device .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  function   up
truth:  return   return

test:  a small decorator for methods .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  func   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the value for a profile formatted string .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  file   file

test:  factory to create a class that is used to create a method that calls to a bug .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return the lamp status .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  calls   set
truth:  return   return

test:  add a common user to the current session .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  add   authentication
truth:  ban   a

test:  load data from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  dataset   returns
truth:  databook   returns

test:  create rfc 2822 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  updating   h
truth:  compute   h

test:  setup python index .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  setup   simpledecoder
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gets ip from the request .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  ip   null
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  the sector function .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  function   x
truth:  returns   a

test:  processes the given template and renders it with something related functionality .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  template   a
truth:  changes   django

test:  convert an expression into a branching input .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  null   blknos
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a aeon job .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  return   queue
truth:  null   null

test:  new add form .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  null   new
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if the given string is a multiline list of nodes of the limit .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs the command in a shell and returns its output after it has the command .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the image model .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the core core type is qtev .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  generate   number
truth:  null   task

test:  get float from radians and xml element .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the value is a valid type and the second type .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  if   metrics
truth:  to   helper

test:  accept the current line of the current line .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  to   accept
truth:  null   numeric

test:  return the type of the given address or the string representation .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this function returns a box to the start and return it if it cant be created .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  null   a
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  wraps djangos exception in the implementing related to the given context .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  recursively join identity for a given leaf .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  join   helper
truth:  apply   functions

test:  read a file with one table with wrong delimiter .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  file   test
truth:  test   failure

test:  transform a four matrix to a .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  count   count

test:  read raw data as raw object .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  read   zpool
truth:  object   object

test:  lae: is x .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone on a master and slave it .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  take a type and the same type and returns: boolean true if instance is a consistent type .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  check   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the value with feature bits followed by bits being supstituted than the value .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator that will run a function in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  decorate   a

test:  include the feature bindings by replacing each variable bound to the new variable that is bound to the feature bound .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  set   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clear any lxc codes from the pull .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  revoke   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  returns true if the string looks like a regular expression .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a primer from local string and returns the first item in primer .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  perform   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  returns the file or directory of a given file .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  return   file
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get or set the radial ticklines for the current axes .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  make   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new parent of the parent .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  set the title of the current thread .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  change   no
truth:  null   dummy

test:  return true if the given object is a nose class .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a generator that reads all possible strings from a list of file .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   strings

test:  copy the master to the master to the master process if its a those state .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  function   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  require the pootle language .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  null   language

test:  ensures that the qualified qualified file is one of targets for the targets .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  a list of events .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   events

test:  logs a file from a given uri'] .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get info about an installed extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   info

test:  multiply together several polynomials of a polynomial include in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to convert megacycles to seconds .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   letter
truth:  function   function

test:  return the length of a prefix .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  throw   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  document from accountbroker handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  default   integer
truth:  default   literal

test:  return list of all affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  creates   method
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute polynomial map of a polynomial in gf(p)[x] and g .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse them in a list of tool config .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  grab   find
truth:  build   build

test:  upload a file to s3 .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns the number of bits in the given list .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  if   count
truth:  null   elements

test:  utility to guess the image of the image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  return   null
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named character .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   expression
truth:  parses   a

test:  takes a list and returns a dict .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  add new account dataverse record .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  verifies   new

test:  counts the number of times a iterable .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  count   count
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   fr

test:  verify the new password and update the new datastore .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a helper function that instantiates a attribute value .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  null   strings
truth:  get   a

test:  class decorator to set the class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  put   a
truth:  set   set

test:  adds any taps or possibly shortest brew .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  adds   one

test:  raises an exception if name is not a valid name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  render final parameters into the default graph .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  missing   null

test:  search the specified package as an installed .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  search   power
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents deletion .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   format
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  returns a string with size-string size-string size-string .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  string   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check to see if a replication replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get the text of the repository .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to a file to a digital file to a default value .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  create   null
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  set the specified descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  samples   return
truth:  update   update

test:  get the loops for the loops .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   corners
truth:  get   get

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  looks up a file or find it .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  to   file
truth:  null   null

test:  compares the atom according to the constant .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  task delete page .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  calculates the standard error of the mean of the input array .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  function to check if the degree distribution is distribution .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  computes   center
truth:  function   function

test:  this is a helper function that computes the equals kernels between the input and y .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of interfaces about all interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add links to a list of links .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  remove   url
truth:  return   a

test:  create an eauth .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  retrieve a datastore stub from the given blob .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  generates the system rgb directory .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  null   check
truth:  call   call

test:  set basic header to determine if the user is logged in .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  view   authentication
truth:  null   http

test:  renders a node as rendered on the given node .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  render   render

test:  returns a tuple of the result from the provided dict .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  look   null
truth:  given   a

test:  get all groups for a given instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  count   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extracts the cached cores from a path .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  transforms   path

test:  return an attribute of the specified instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filter result of a filter result set .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  url   mask
truth:  result   result

test:  delete an inventory already that matches the given provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  delete   up

test:  needs to be changed .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load the china data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  sort an ip address .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   copies
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  retrieve the form and the form of a form that use the console .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  lowercase   a
truth:  null   a

test:  register the routes routes for the given method .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   register
truth:  null   helper

test:  context manager that ignores validation .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  code   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  signal processes processes and update its status .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  processes   processes

test:  provides the status for rendering the comment status .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   show
truth:  renders   null

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  null   bias
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the integer flag after the split line from the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  skills controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  this function returns a list of event handlers .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  null   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the raw image for matrices .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  compute   signal
truth:  round   round

test:  verify that an attribute is a explicitly explicitly set .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  if methods looks like a unittest .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  load   up
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   round
truth:  get   bevel

test:  returns the translated language name for the given script .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  read   a
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string so it can be used with json for it .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  provides an instance of the block from a gaussian distribution .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  sets   object
truth:  control   control

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  null   a
truth:  close   a

test:  extracts the version string from node .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  package   null
truth:  take   pacman

test:  compute the exponent bound to the given magnitude using the specified radius .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  match a device in zenoss but it is a partition device .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  match   pattern
truth:  matches   device

test:  test of #589 .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  test   string
truth:  context   context

test:  to rename a certain files into the container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  replace   files
truth:  files   files

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  modify parameters that are existing but only have the value in the group .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  set   set

test:  test that the range of scale censure works as expected .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   difference

test:  find the first word of the python change .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  set   find
truth:  set   set

test:  look for the instance to the vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  imports and returns a string value .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  null   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  removes whitespace between html tags of a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  make sure that standby the windows system will sleep to sleep .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   windows

test:  flow a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  to   null

test:  expected inclusion_one_param __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  null   track
truth:  expected   null

test:  validation validation function that computes the simple prediction weights parameters weights : pandas .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  check   refresh
truth:  check   check

test:  check if the metadata of the metadata for a group .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the state of a given instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  return   null
truth:  look   up

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  save   null
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   services
truth:  list   services

test:  returns true if the current user has permission to access a given request .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add mathjax in source to mathjax .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  remove the content of the source files that come like just a given directory .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  receives   up
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return true if and only if the clause is present in the given surface .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  create the directory of the mkdir mkdir e .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  create   create
truth:  ensure   null

test:  if common is set .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the gui .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  executes the parent of the given parent with the given parent .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  verify   action
truth:  open   open

test:  disallow log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  to   log
truth:  -   -

test:  get the application that was not available .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  run   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse the inverse parameters .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the page from the href .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   null

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  checks for decoding version .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  rest controller to work category permissions .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  given a folder .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an http reviewer reviewer .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  the dynamically return true if the two equivalent field are equivalent .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  null   up
truth:  compare   compare

test:  set a specific user .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   user

test:  create the directories that will work out the full path to the current working directory .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  escape   sets
truth:  create   a

test:  check the queue to see if there is no parameters for the queue .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  check   null
truth:  function   function

test:  helper method that checks if the specified permission is in the new permission .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  require   following
truth:  to   helper

test:  detect modules from a list of incomplete statements .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  pull   issue
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the given properties on an consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  update   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a new theano value containing the given value .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  makes   returns
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs from a stream .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   lines
truth:  read   a

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  null   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tests if content does not raise valueerror if not rfc rfc *exc* .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  used by the tempallow process and check a packed .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  switch   html
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the http cached http cached http cached http response .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  verifies   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all registered vms names .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  calling the correct unit tests .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  make   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a value into a tuple .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   f
truth:  convert   f

test:  returns the test file for this process .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   list
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  plot the subplot plot of the given style list .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  remove one or more new transcript from the new store .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  copy   user
truth:  renames   null

test:  reads int from the device .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  to   =
truth:  returns   integer

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  identities' add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to mark a function as side_effect cannot be a test as parameter .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: add another callback to the execution of the test function that awaits/yields from the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a sets of the output file from a list of images .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  print   null
truth:  unsets   a

test:  returns a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   text
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a view view to resource view in a template .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  publish a review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  expire   returns
truth:  closes   null

test:  returns the unicode text from the given node .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build the runner scenarios with the given scenarios scenarios .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  makes   content
truth:  make   a

test:  return the nodes of the graph .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  redirect to a specific cli tool .
truth: create a role . 
test:  command   a
truth:  create   a

test:  follow a new user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  allows   a

test:  download help data .
truth: print help message . 
test:  function   plot
truth:  help   help

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   number

test:  imports all macros defined in a module .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the port binding for a given port .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  unified   information
truth:  combine   null

test:  helper function which applies the attributes for the specified attributes .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  fetch   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return data encoding .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the relative distance between two strings .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  measures   null

test:  widen the file or gcodetext .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get all flavor access for flavor .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  gets the list of api from the given node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  city based on iso request .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   none
truth:  code   code

test:  a decorator that ensures that a function is run in an rw directory .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  modifies a view function so that it is not a secure http .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  evaluate a logarithmic surface of x arguments .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  shut down events .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  connect   boolean
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run the given location .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  null   time
truth:  index   index

test:  decode a from collectd to hex encoding .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a list of all users registered in the course .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   users

test:  return list of names that need to be built with transaction_objects() names .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  typing   null

test:  returns a random identifier .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  send coursetalk keys to the coursetalk process is not selected in coursetalk .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  generate   params
truth:  set   params

test:  returns a form which is related to a particular job .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  called   returns
truth:  called   null

test:  run a command in a subprocess and wait to the given arguments .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  explicitly display new .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace declaration_list statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a function with elements of the given function .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  null   null

test:  extracts the dependencies of the given list of dependencies .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   a

test:  usage: attr_gt .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  updates data in firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fix up media if last .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  header   method
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the pattern pattern named rfc-1123 if the value matches the pattern .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   element

test:  if iter is a iter or tuple .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  prepares   null
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  return an dont dont have a timestamp value .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  fix   pad
truth:  if   null

test:  a generator that yields lines of equal entry .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  format   up
truth:  generate   a

test:  populate set of all unknown statuses .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  toggle   null
truth:  add   add

test:  returns true if g has more cardinality edges in g .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to find the tags of a given query .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  signal   add
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  creates a new tag for the specified target_id .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  finds the migration for the given name .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the names of the query with the given user_id .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  perform the function or easyinstall on a polynomial .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  find   try
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  install a "package" on ssh .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  run the signal by invoking the console .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  handle   file
truth:  expected   null

test:  compat for testing with celery @with_app decorator .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  quote a string or object to a list if x is an either a list or a list of numbers or a list .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  ensure   null

test:  only work on openbsd systems with the pki module .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  run   load
truth:  work   work

test:  checks that the value is a valid type .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  check   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  features   success
truth:  implements   implements

test:  returns a list of dictionaries of jobs .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  update the min define configuration in the specific configuration .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  help   help

test:  return the common item in d order to most common elements of the given dict .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  return   d
truth:  null   items

test:  retrieve user information from pillar .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  load   up
truth:  return   return

test:  given a string .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  memoize a function using a desired method .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  use this decorator to expose views as a decorator that update the old decorator .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  null   use
truth:  use   use

test:  construct a one blob blob from the inclusion_no_params_from_template models .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   html

test:  returns a list that is sorted by case .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sort   in
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find absolute path to paths that should not exist in the directory .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  find   null
truth:  search   search

test:  used by the enrollment of the selected set of the selected quantity .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  used   null
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   control
truth:  displays   null

test:  scale image to scale in images .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  fit   power
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a database exists based on the virtualenv directory .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  to   null

test:  initialize the logging notifications .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   a
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  run worksheet on the given workbook .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  compute the nearest device type and return the nearest device type .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  slicing   find
truth:  start   a

test:  helper function to format the firewall output .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   return
truth:  function   function

test:  parse the graftpoints data separated by a graftpoints address and convert it to a graftpoints format .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the valid config in the given region .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  create   get
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  fast routes to doctypes for doctypes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  changes   wrapper
truth:  patch   patch

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   containers
truth:  restart   restart

test:  issue a new report to the list of rotate .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the time in a datetime .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   t

test:  return the string code of the given string code .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  converts   line
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: rundeck this plugin allows you to complete "weight" on the build .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   queues
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  accept   release
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  decorator for classes that exhausts an object from the given class .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  wraps   a

test:  run a command .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  returns the number of standard team that are in the given team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a number in a human-readable file as a string .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  format   null
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary returns a summary of the entez databases as a results handle .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return the value of the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   adjust
truth:  change   change

test:  format the list of modules for the given language .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  does   null

test:  put the current block storage on the labjackud request .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  put   null
truth:  complete   null

test:  generates the unique user id for the specified user id .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  click click on a masking and and fire the python data .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  return   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find all matches of nt power of nt pattern .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  null   int
truth:  search   search

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  copies   iterator
truth:  check   check

test:  determine the traffic for a given campaign .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   traffic

test:  adds a nick to a specific location .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  clone a single paragraph value with the given value .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  abort   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  merge the virtual server table cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  populate   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  main program .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  null   build
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_photo service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  signals   null
truth:  called   null

test:  enable jquery on the parent page .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  logs   remove
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  step for im2 with peer .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  iterate over all lines of changed/added and report happens .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  uses   color
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   titles
truth:  remove   names

test:  saves metadata to a model .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  writes   environment
truth:  model   model

test:  deserialize a data structure as json from a string .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  results   json
truth:  parse   json

test:  displays the account .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  create   null
truth:  call   call

test:  create a temporary number of national national one .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  converts   number

test:  callback that the port option option has a particular port .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  return the show show to a single dns name .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  ensure   strip
truth:  check   check

test:  wed methods like tornado .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  update addon settings .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  update   up
truth:  update   update

test:  check for issues given a list of issues issues and closed issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  if   return
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test that output of shape with a shape of shape .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  to   accepts
truth:  null   ticket

test:  register xmltestrunner and send the result to the server .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  register   new
truth:  null   a

test:  clone a zone into a new zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  list   set
truth:  install   a

test:  returns the version of test microversion and select microversion .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  check   version
truth:  select   microversion

test:  parse the shape of a llvm scalar .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  flags a student into a course he/she if it has already been created .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   path
truth:  search   search

test:  run each input in the given plot .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  profile   run
truth:  assumes   null

test:  checks the given tokens formatter .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs an expires header for datetime .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  output   outputs
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  helper function to make an array of random numbers passed .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  make   kill
truth:  null   basis

test:  returns a list of enocean .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  return   a

test:  list all objects in a collection .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create an hide tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  performs   uses
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  require   null

test:  return a list of chocolatey that were loaded on disk .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  return   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a row of unifrac-like from filter .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  return   read
truth:  make   a

test:  write the string representation of a file that can be used as a file .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  concatenate raw events and return list of representative pairs .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  make   null
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  check that the input data is part of the algorithm .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get a point to the normal along a line from the control .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  control   method
truth:  get   get

test:  find true value to specify specify http request .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  -   -

test:  test replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  invert a list of tuples .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  rewrites a pair of variables with variables .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  make   case
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  union   apostrophe
truth:  appends   appends

test:  utility function to load ipython extension .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  called   load
truth:  load   load

test:  retrieve the name of a backend by name .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serve the client from the mogilefs file .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  returns   handle
truth:  called   null

test:  regression test for unimplemented .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  testing   check
truth:  check   length

test:  finds the client id from the given request .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  return   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns an encoder for a group field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  get the request data from the given request and return the parsed data .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  request   request

test:  setup the sony buffer .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  return the dependencies of all dependencies that an dependencies .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  add   add

test:  dimitem : expr rpar | expr rparen .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a string parsed from a string into a python data structure .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if input is a correct or validator .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  missing   null

test:  only on python 2 .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  null   utf-8
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given the series of functions used for series of type_qualifier_list .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  log   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  base-36 an image into network built by the routine routine .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  null   set
truth:  chop   chop

test:  decorator that ensures that the wrapped wrapped when the wrapped object has the wrapped context variable .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check if a tables has a standard header header .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  test   a
truth:  make   null

test:  loads a demo collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  ensure that cookie value does not contain uppercase tensors .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  measures   null
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  return a glanceclient object for the given image object .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the unification between the actual and the angle .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  get list of policies belonging to the specified key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   key
truth:  list   list

test:  return compactionstats .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  get the list of the repository class that is the repository .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   keys

test:  decorator that ensures that the decorated function is enabled .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  performs the metric expected by the metric to work .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  do   function
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  find if the provided object has a method for the specified name .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   find

test:  send client sentences for file .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  optimizes the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  optimizes   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  only load if pyrax executable module is available .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  work   work

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a string containing a boolean value from address .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   hex
truth:  hex   hex

test:  generates a unique command for the current request .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  command   command

test:  parse the json data from a json output .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  extract   json

test:  extends the extension in the given procrustes .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  function   method
truth:  create   a

test:  delete all *filenames files .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  lists the network state for a given network .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   state

test:  return a lazy list of lazy related apps .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  raises   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the mro in mro .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   mros
truth:  merges   mros

test:  this function prints the string with the given prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  text   prefix
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  builds an xmlelement object from the xml .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  build   build
truth:  null   user

test:  returns list of data for this stripped .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  request   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a servicepair for testing the given path .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects if the value is available on the host .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  update   filters
truth:  if   null

test:  return the strides of f in contig contig contig .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  compute   split
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  displays whether display is currently installed :return: the string representing the current display settings :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns the url for a given api .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  create   build
truth:  releases   releases

test:  helper function to compute the flattened function of a multivariate polynomial .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or vd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gets the name of a python class .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  watching   indexes
truth:  creates   a

test:  copy data from the specified path to the destination location .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   files
truth:  copy   a

test:  return whether the given array is disabled .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  converts a dictionary of elements into a dictionary .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  push   element

test:  block version of rpycs .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  format   a
truth:  get   get

test:  plan -> reply rechunk graph to reduce the largest graph .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  plan   plan

test:  create a new role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find all the retain to a directory .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  returns   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  convert a wont listener into a tuple of dicts and create a dict from a dict .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  json-encodes the given html .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  same as returning a service .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  create a random graph using the given list of fields .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  determine whether there are no two classes .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  make   greenlet
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  recursively get package names from package .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   root

test:  returns link to weblate page .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  normalizes a date to a utc time .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  datetimes   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return a list of all available courses .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the f(k) number of pixels in a ring .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  make   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  given a query and a hash of dicts .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by applying a test to the specified attribute of each object .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  sleep for a process to init init .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  halt   time
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  install a wx .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   chocolatey
truth:  install   install

test:  returns the attribute attribute of the given attributes .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  return the string describing an instances class via its instancestate .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a ^ b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install pyenv if pyenv then install pyenv the current versions of pyenv .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  determines the users directory for the given os .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configures   configures

test:  interpolate polynomial of channel mapping .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  poll   open
truth:  null   null

test:  return set of valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  table a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  test   existence

test:  tests two relations relations tests that would get returns true .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  query   function
truth:  null   implementation

test:  given a list of units .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  produces   a
truth:  function   function

test:  generate random selection for a dataset on their vertex .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  apply   apply

test:  ensure we can compile functions with incomplete .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   ^

test:  create a colormap to apply the colormap to the colormap to the colormap .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   return

test:  private function to create the list of the relationship state .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert text into a dns rdata class value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  tries to identify an existing table using the given flash .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create an empty media for a certain media file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   url
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   group
truth:  destroy   null

test:  check if the given version is a python version string .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  get   check
truth:  check   check

test:  validate the provided google cloud dns type .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  validate   verifies
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function that takes an environment and instance and call the method .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  if   null

test:  create a iso 8601 or instantiating a datetime object .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the url of the given regex .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  string   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  default updates index page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  index   activity
truth:  null   null

test:  install a .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure the default conversion works properly .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  this is the error function to be called upon the function in the process .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   callback
truth:  error   error

test:  return list of colors in the master .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sort   sets
truth:  sorts   null

test:  function to load the binary word from singular objects .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  given an resource dict .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  try   behavior
truth:  extract   rest

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   null

test:  list all the test cases in the given class .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  if   -
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   null

test:  this is a wrapper around compressor .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to load the data and store it in sparse for testing .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  test   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  read description takes a scenario .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  null   mros
truth:  null   description

test:  converts a content string into a string .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  overrides   string
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find the file to which file a folder is only supported by the user .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  tests that the tail argument will be loaded .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  fixture providing a template in correlation .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  to   url

test:  remove a css class from css class .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an expression .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  make   ascii
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  tests sparse matrices work on sparse matrices using sparse sparse samples .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  check   testing
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add the given host with the given aggregate .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   a
truth:  host   host

test:  update the default configuration .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extracts the list of whitespace from file .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  validate   work
truth:  make   null

test:  make a post request to flask api call .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  command   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  allows list to search for fields within a given list of fields .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  parsing   a
truth:  null   in

test:  save original data into an np .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any "+git characters in the given version .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for inserting a feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode a python usable as a bytestring .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   equivalent
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  writes the source file to disk .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  works   null
truth:  source   a

test:  given a url string and a prefix .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  insert data from left into left .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  return   social
truth:  left   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  fetches   mute
truth:  gives   mute

test:  add html new html page to index table .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  add   one
truth:  adds   null

test:  return an encoding for the type .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create the dock for the current prng .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  allow links to be ignored for load balancer in the dict .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  parses   wrapper
truth:  text   text

test:  add allocated_id to the default table .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   allocated_id
truth:  add   race

test:  allows a template to es .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  importing   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a set of tuples in the given list of values .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the current host .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  fix   point
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  memoize decorator .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute targets for an image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  null   estimate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu gpu version of gpu unescape to test on serializable version .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   sum
truth:  test   gpu

test:  wrap a test with a given license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a unicode string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  helper function to generate full frame surface .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  returns a random integer value for the whenever whenever can be an integer or a bound .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests translator comments are stored and synced .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  run a user within a specific user .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run a test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape & .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  null   escape
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare the desired replication and converts it to the given replication role .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  converts an xml string into a profilesfeed object .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validator for stack platform .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  if   validator
truth:  null   validator

test:  performs the last element of a paypal analysis on the device .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  clean   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  converts this numpy array to default format for this to **query** .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  configures an explicit audio output device .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  configures   configures

test:  stuff stuff for studio .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  see   data
truth:  provide   data

test:  compute the fprime score function of the input variables .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  null   null
truth:  regularized   null

test:  remove the proper column list from cols .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get the datastore info from a file .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  content   a
truth:  returns   entities

test:  retrieve the list of cover art for the current request .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  null   list
truth:  get   get

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  test   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  this will return a generator that will create a treesegment tree from the given tree .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  make   file
truth:  convert   a

test:  updates url from github to console .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  replace   code
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the list of test names that represent the given test suite .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return details about the webapp url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  undeploy   generate
truth:  find   memory

test:  get the type of obj .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validate   code
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test serializing after an arbitrary input .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  format   test
truth:  test   a

test:  returns the current database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  returns   entry
truth:  exists   exists

test:  returns the endpoint of the main endpoint of the given endpoint .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  init   null
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts that the element of the specified text is configured .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  require an apache version to be disabled .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  return   intersection
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dictionary of the mapping of a mapping of all loaded values for a mapping of the block type .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  file   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  html document visit visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  unpack   document
truth:  document   document

test:  set a value in estimator .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  make   elements
truth:  set   set

test:  helper method to retrieve a list of credit requests for a given user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  make a padded class out of a padded .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  verbose   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a dataset .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  basic audio-power code between a oversampled code .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  null   relu
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape the value of the appropriate option .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  function   windows
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for routines that return a nice direct_abstract_declarator on error .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  checking   function
truth:  checking   checking

test:  run random pre-amplification pending approx to work .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  cache   change
truth:  call   call

test:  returns a valid filename that is a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the user is visible for pref .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  run the celery error on the device .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  error   null
truth:  null   task

test:  print the list of image urls for an image .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the images in the given product .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a system time to the current systems format .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get loops through the boundary and add the boundary of the nested loops .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  execute a command returns the command .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   conda
truth:  run   conda

test:  change password page .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  view   case
truth:  password   password

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  empty   matching
truth:  return   return

test:  textual-form intercept function runs y with var(p) process .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  produce   linear

test:  fork a pid and send master to a result .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  adds the line numbers before the current token to the end of the next line .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution is rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  this function will check if the value of the *obj* attribute of the given object .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   method

test:  image should be passed as an image .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the timeout is cleared properly .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  to   use
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager for temporarily reversing a secret model .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   contextmanager
truth:  context   context

test:  returns a dict with all explorations explorations .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the path to the cache .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  serializes out the function to run in the threads .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  dumps   data
truth:  is   null

test:  create the default equity curve .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  factory function for getting a single file .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the selected refids group to feed .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   setup
truth:  get   a

test:  read an image .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  read   coordinate
truth:  reads   null

test:  return a dict with information about the postgres server .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  used to load all track .
truth: main function . 
test:  point   null
truth:  function   function

test:  strip off the last bit between string and b .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  strips   remove
truth:  removes   anything

test:  read a string of bytes from the buffer .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  setup a local grid normally .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  set   helper
truth:  null   projection

test:  merge a dict of name and data into a tree .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the precedence version of the given object .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  tests using pseudoprime sigmoid implementation with non-aligned .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  test   check
truth:  using   test

test:  return a default structure with the default deadline set of deadline values for a given eligibility .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  return   null
truth:  default   default

test:  view that redirects to the current user .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  find a specific search based on the given values .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the config from the multiply .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the profile directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  undo logger into the logger .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  rotate   new
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  null   send
truth:  send   send

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  get the default object to use for the default object .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  add calls to this queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  add   add
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   helper
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  alternative implementation of the square root of the string parameters sigma2 : float number of observations of sigma_hat distributed : float this is the memory : float value from the
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  mean   html
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: critical publish critical users when the job id of the jobs .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  null   forwarding
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a search_service_pb .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  create the first standardized moment of the first kind .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  estimate   compute
truth:  taken   example

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  test   test

test:  perform registration on the forum .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  list   null
truth:  gets   registration

test:  returns a randomly generated key with a given theoretical descending .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  ignore that the first value contains only organization .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  ensure that the schedule value of /usbkey/config is changed .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   try

test:  cache all python objects below the tree .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  list   null
truth:  cache   translation

test:  create a course inside an existing course .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get absolute path to extended home directory .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  return   user

test:  list public ip blocks for the specified network .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  return   tasks
truth:  list   list

test:  download and saves the tarball in certificate_statuses .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  download   mnist
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like an object .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  records whose names are converted to the dispatched file .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  copies   merge
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  retrieves the temporary directory names for the duration of a file .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a hash with the given fo key .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a list of srs .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  finds the window that should be used to create a window or not .
truth: return a window . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  numpy version of true .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  performs   null

test:  decorator that causes the current cursor to the transaction .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  print   decorator
truth:  set   set

test:  return the md5 file hash cli example: .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  send use command .
truth: send command . 
test:  enumerates   s
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume 2eq order order decomposition of the first kind .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  solve   directed
truth:  null   equations

test:  display command line info .
truth: print this help . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  load and return a storage plugin instance .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   find

test:  the process/shell .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  returns the region code that contribute to the users country code .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  obtain obtain cert_file .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote a list of arguments by libvlc_event_manager them into a string with special characters .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  throw   quote
truth:  null   a

test:  create a fake argumentparser for the given month .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  function   section
truth:  return   a

test:  make the given directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  create   directory
truth:  make   a

test:  represent an address as a packed binary string .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  converts   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  return a parametrized fixture for a parametrized function .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  get   find
truth:  list   list

test:  create an atom with the given name .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  update   find
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieve a reference reference from the provided resource reference .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  retrieve   type
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validate and return a multiple of a csv value for multiple of their values .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the currently installed packages as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a properly response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  string   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete specific models .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  delete   one

test:  advance a driver function returning a sequence of numbers .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  return   execution
truth:  return   a

test:  callback to check if the current process is either in the virtualenv .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  null   process
truth:  null   null

test:  this is a utiliy function used to mark a unicode string as well as the formatter .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of series numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  byte   byte
truth:  byte   byte

test:  configure the given cluster to the configuration file on the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   configuration
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats the variable according to the value .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  sets the location headers for a request .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  get elementnodeobject xml element .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  calculate the group counts .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return the current time in milliseconds .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes the route route route .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   build
truth:  deletes   a

test:  retrieve all exercises that the user is completed by the provided user .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns mongo application instance for this process .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  retrieves   script
truth:  return   a

test:  return the string used to mark a whitelist as a function for implemented: .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  create a network security group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  null   enumerate
truth:  create   a

test:  persists array of lagged groups .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  value   a
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  patches   a

test:  return a list of the rendered views .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the ppcc order of input variable .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  approximate   action
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns organizations .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  boolean   info
truth:  null   api

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  helper function to computes the projection axes .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the configuration options for the given apps .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  null   call
truth:  output   parameter

test:  function for populating by extracting time from a :class:fontkey font by extracting extracting and goes goes through the afm font .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the fully qualified path for a path or folder cli example: .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  backup a you by a strict attribute .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  generate   input
truth:  input   input

test:  init -> ip_address_string init the config file if it exists .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  make   tests
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  gets the inner objects of the type specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  provide a dict of dict of all interfaces interfaces .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  interfaces   system
truth:  provide   a

test:  decorator with the current session to the resource .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper of the maxima .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  this should be the given version of the database .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  assign   method
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph g in p2g format to a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  set the key/value pairs of the fullscreen .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  set   current
truth:  enable   enable

test:  reload module .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  null   surface
truth:  routes   routes

test:  create a movie file from the frames .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  compute the expected discounted nloglike .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   variance
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  difference of linear operators .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  null   link
truth:  divide   one

test:  predict the network object created using "lazy" run .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  mark   update
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a sequence of migrations for the given partition .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  remove   a

test:  parameterize j j .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  to   a
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked correlation matrix .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  checked   open
truth:  checked   create

test:  string -> string return a string with whitespace removed .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  string   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  convert string to encodable object .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  convert   obj
truth:  makes   null

test:  creates a default help string of the given length .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  horizontal scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  match the list of dhcp tags using the connection id .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg link - convert kegg identifiers to/from outside identifiers target_db - can be "turtle" - can be "turtle" option - can be "turtle" or can be "turtle" .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  link   conv
truth:  link   link

test:  update the local backend to include a given backend .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  returns   copies
truth:  update   update

test:  look for a list of strings in the list of values .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an nginx server to start at least min_version .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  require   link
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a function that can be used for a given function .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   a

test:  verify that a string is a valid directory path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  update the autoscaler function .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   validate
truth:  update   update

test:  setup sphinx extension .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  setup   point
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test reading a table witn all of the table entries .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  processes the worker manager running this method and adds it to the output of the copying copying .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  log   wsgi
truth:  null   worker

test:  returns a list of client that will fail the client id for the client .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a list of gpg keys from the gpg user .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  list   multiple
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  a custom space .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  leading   line
truth:  return   number

test:  return the hash value for each value in x .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  move   a
truth:  null   method

test:  logs out user .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  prints a list of the necessary 4 of a given list of pdf .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  link   trace
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  filters the value of a given field to assign a list of message type to the database type .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  record   a
truth:  test   test

test:  create a class for a given class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  creates   logging
truth:  function   function

test:  returns all the images in the glob folder by the given model .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a worker to the output process .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  log   a
truth:  null   worker

test:  print the friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  push a node .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  to   push

test:  returns true if the given course has and has access to the given course .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  if   null
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  returns the full path of the data for a given file .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific @xfail 3 .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create backup files into backup and ast .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  stack   num
truth:  tars   null

test:  unpack items in a sequence with example of lists .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests to ensure its easy to accept type wrapper .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  function which will run through the master .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  run   run
truth:  null   entry

test:  return true if the provided url belongs to the given url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  find a maximum single-commodity of the picture picture -> character .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  read   a
truth:  find   a

test:  validate the mac address present in the mac .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  writes   build
truth:  null   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all backups for a given topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the incoming rate at x and the stock queue .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  incoming   get

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  parses the plugin function for the specific plugin plugin .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  renders the users avatar avatar .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  render   render

test:  evaluate the first command .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check that all python functions need to be camelcased from the same as the compiler .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  raises   return
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  print a message to the eb server .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  function   patch
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a role points to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   role

test:  get the status for a process instance .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  given a list of indices .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   factor

test:  add an element to vertexes .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  cleanup a double sensor .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  show   update
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check that pathological cases do not allow for mean .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set logging for all the loggers loggers to the local loggers loggers .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  use   sets
truth:  set   a

test:  sets a file descriptor for mode .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the beginning xml element .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get an instance profile .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns the length of a national code object .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  null   number
truth:  return   length

test:  delete all config .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  delete   up
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the available co2 sensors .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for non systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   inline
truth:  initialize   null

test:  create a json representation of various data .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  decorate   build
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves bernoulli order order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   1st
truth:  solves   null

test:  parse a rule to a sequence of rules .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  renders   open
truth:  put   put

test:  perform a list of nodes by the last element from the target dictionary .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  computes   node
truth:  insert   insert

test:  validates the given config for tunnel to be verified .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove ips of the given list of existing ips .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the given groups public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  if the git ver1 ver1 exist and has any of the launching version .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  work   method
truth:  git   git

test:  raise exception if called does not raise *exc* .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  return the virt time type .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  return   grains
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if id is an incompatible request .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert datetime .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  turn   a

test:  decorator to set a function to be called from sys .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  given   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  add a recent recent tile by deleting a due to the body .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  adds   build
truth:  add   add

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  list   queue
truth:  return   a

test:  get a signature signature .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns the path to the directory of the project .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get geometry output directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generator to return a generator of combinations of combinations .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  estimate   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a random integer value .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions for a given translation .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorator for wrapping functions which receive a method to create decorators .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  does the common elements in the given list and returns the daemon/forkd .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   a

test:  theano -> int .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume an existing topics .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  consume   a
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : idlist ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  testing that the proposed unicode snippets snippets should not be of unicode names and prevent the comment snippets .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  testing   testing

test:  a view that returns the current healthz .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   health

test:  generate the same file of the file-back command .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  things that wraps the decorated function to support functions .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  retrieve file .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  file   file

test:  return none if data can be a human-friendly string or a subclass .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  text   return
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  returns all tests in a directory .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  returns   app
truth:  return   a

test:  detect value from code variable name .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a queryset of a user products .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  restrict   null

test:  set a function to be used as a decorator to set the attribute of the given value .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  basestring   set
truth:  null   factory

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  this method will remove cart redemption from the user or cart cart .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   method

test:  send yaml .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  shortcut   virtual
truth:  send   a

test:  normal layer only .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  output   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a string of the length chars .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   key

test:  parse the snmp and return its input and the data .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  parse   code
truth:  check   check

test:  test that erfa works with structs .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  producing   checks

test:  given an object .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  if   text
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to revert task_state on a task .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  null   decorator

test:  install a install_numpy .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  construct an expression over the positive n x .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  construct   x
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   quotas
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print all possible values for the given formats .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   format
truth:  print   print

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  create database config object .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  attempts to match the list of exception data .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  obtains   new
truth:  removes   null

test:  return the average and lower and diagonals .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  if   null
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the loops for the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim a worker entry for cleanup .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  clean   api
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  prints out an html representation of the given term .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  output   text
truth:  print   a

test:  make the current directory .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  set   null
truth:  build   a

test:  updates the portage tree .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  update   ports
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios have hashes comments as inline based on a scenario .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  have   scenarios
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split the list of pairs into separate path components .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   a

test:  takes a timestamp in a date format and returns a timestamp object .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  dynamically creates json logs for a given response .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  makes   exception
truth:  make   strings

test:  will return the users execution execution execution of an existing request .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  return   null
truth:  request   request

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  run the tests in a subprocess .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   decoder
truth:  run   run

test:  automatically sends a users user to the given user .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  discard   null
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  tests translation revision are created from the wireless wireless .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   revision

test:  return the contents of the give file .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  accepts   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  main function for the sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  function   sleep
truth:  null   null

test:  restore a courses structure or dictionary to restore it with the new keys .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  restore   copy
truth:  null   a

test:  regression test for url this should only receive in a configuration file .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  run   pprint
truth:  run   unittest

test:  clone the given expression structure .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  generate 2 2 .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  const_map_item : intconstant : * .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  file   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the channel .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the path to the source distribution .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  get   get

test:  copy data from the registry to be coerced .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   structure

test:  returns a binary digest for the pbkdf2 hash algorithm of data with the given salt .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  function   method
truth:  like   like

test:  duplicate function to be used as a list of desired_state .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  is   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  run a single example of input .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  reads   product
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   section
truth:  reject   reject

test:  takes iso 8601 format and return the date string as a datetime object formatted by the appropriate time in the hue .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if apf exists on the system .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return a path to the primary key which will be used with the given slugify .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  squeeze an axes to a diagonal array .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  takes   add
truth:  return   shape

test:  this block of documents to the document .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute the linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  invoke   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  compute kkt optimality set .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  predict the specified true .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  command   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run interface interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  utility function for computing the event_source surface .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   handle
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute the rayleigh range from the waist of the given image .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  runs markdown on the given value .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  text   text

test:  an addrequest .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  header   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  check if a function is monotonic .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  split a list into two independent .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  copies   user
truth:  block   block

test:  return an iterator over all the number of bytes .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  stream   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  check that cookiejar against bug items fall in url certificate_id .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  test   unicode
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function to calculate the demean value along an axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   x

test:  print a .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  ensure   service
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  updates the supplied fragment with a supplied course urls as a dict with the given course .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  find and return vera switches .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  find   up
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  tests that seeks a regression not restore a few qualified .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  swap   test
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the default column value for a given column .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve user information .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  get   roles

test:  get chain path .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a nested root into a dict .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path if the given version isnt a parsed version string .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a screenshot .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  to   a
truth:  displays   a

test:  return the number of seconds to maintain maintain date .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  add   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the result of the memcache .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  load   return
truth:  cached   null

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  converts a single user name to a jupyter user .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   user

test:  removes the lower bound for a file .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extended information about the reimplementation .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  define   page
truth:  takes   null

test:  load python data from python object into python 3 .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   data

test:  this function apply given data in the given string to a generator of data .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  change   convert
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  returns the manifest version of a stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  stack   stack

test:  decorator to guess the list of the result of the given method .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  to   try
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restore an entry from the child configuration .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restores   contacts
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create new directory .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  make   worker

test:  the value of the constant attribute that should be a given arguments .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  substitute   a

test:  evaluate the shortest information for a given upside/downside .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  validates   send
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extracts the id from the given string and returns it .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  function   function

test:  runs the script as a script usage .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  run   control
truth:  test   test

test:  imports a library library name .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  load   a

test:  the dict doesnt have a get_absolute_url() that doesnt exist or whose column is supported by the c reader .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  package   test
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  import a python file from a file system .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  code   code

test:  load an image library from file .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  retrieve all partitions by name .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  retrieve   git
truth:  array   array

test:  this fixes a bunch of entire parsing to make the same size as long .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  function   fix
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator to return the result of a file .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  return   data
truth:  null   level

test:  convert value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the name of the file without the extension .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  gets   a

test:  creates a audits for a given feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  probability value of the second probability distribution .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  this function can be used to mark a list of the original symbol used as deprecated .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  return   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  join components of path .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  join   variant
truth:  get   get

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target using target from source to target .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   something
truth:  return   a

test:  restart the windows process and the feature .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  create a hitmask for an edge .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove packages using opkg remove .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   name
truth:  remove   a

test:  populate the given file in the given uri and include the context .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  build   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  test if a repository is a repo url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  item add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  this function returns the argument as passed as the command .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  render a string .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  format   a
truth:  print   print

test:  request the container directly from the container server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  request   container

test:  trims a set of sequences to 1 in the given string .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  create a dict of supplied accepted accepted with the supplied arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  grabs   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  add a atomic group to the given llvm .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   generic
truth:  add   atomic

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  enables   learning

test:  check for matplotlib objects .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  test   helper
truth:  output   output

test:  features should not have a feature .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  features   features
truth:  applied   tags

test:  flood and receive packets at layer 3 time -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a rule down the top nodes on the top nodes first matching the top level .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  called when the cloudtrail command is being run .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  run   send
truth:  command   command

test:  create a random integer of each element .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete resources of the provided resource .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  helper function that returns a connection object .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  connect   connect
truth:  to   try

test:  compares the specified vm and current state of the given vm cli example: .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  start   wrapper
truth:  set   set

test:  safely update an existing user .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  update   update

test:  get a comment .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  function   get
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the path to the given webpack .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  to   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  display the usage of the user .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  print   a

test:  returns a random string/key of the given value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  run the provided command .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  command   command

test:  convert a config file name into valid json class .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  carves up a mime_type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   up
truth:  carves   up

test:  display the returner modules .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   return
truth:  print   print

test:  makes pseudo and lower case .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  throw   null
truth:  discard   null

test:  create a assertion assertion from the given file name .
truth: remove " . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check to see if a stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  show print format for print format from print .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return information about the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  verify a certificate signature .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   create
truth:  verify   null

test:  run windows only .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  run   function
truth:  open   open

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the baremetal servers that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this takes a regexp and returns the string from the input string .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  to   function
truth:  function   function

test:  gets the currently active connection or a make .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  version number with the ipv6 header comment .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  get data to a string using the format .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  searches for minimum first packet in the order to split a number of delims .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   split
truth:  given   a

test:  given a list of json names .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  function   string
truth:  given   a

test:  non-blocking non-blocking file to disk .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  handle   function
truth:  modified   sync

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  time   index
truth:  moving   null

test:  handle a basket product of a basket request .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  adds   host
truth:  adding   handle

test:  raise an exception if url is invalid .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  function to use <pre> to find the output from the query .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  debug   text
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  decode a file dict as aaaa parts .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   calculate
truth:  creates   decode

test:  converts unicode strings to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  string   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return the radius of the graph g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update the new ccxcon for the given course .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  make   function
truth:  pass   pass

test:  return the connection .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   connection

test:  return the cpu cpu cpus for the last iteration .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  show this class of a class from the given module .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  create a composite of images using a transparency mask .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multidimensional rank filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  iteration_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  common port for the specified port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  returns   pair
truth:  creates   null

test:  add best language data to the request .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  requests   requests

test:  return an appropriate ckan id for the passed family .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  remove invalid characters .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create a langage descriptor .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an http set of possible numbers .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  removes unicode encoding from the xml definition .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  writes   remove
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generate hmac secret key and generate it .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  checks if a key is empty .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a progress job into a tuple .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  given   parse
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : type_qualifier .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   declaration_specifiers
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  close serial port for snap reprap communications .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   function
truth:  close   close

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure utf-8 utf-8 encoded in utf-8 encoded format .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  incoming   unicode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get version information about invalid status cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   task
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instance faults for a given instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  count   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the difference between a datetime and timestamp .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  called when the sigterm is complete and the sigterm .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  exit   attributes
truth:  null   a

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  thread   thread
truth:  thread   thread

test:  reload service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   service

test:  determines if a module can skip this module .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if pyrax libs are present .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  return   load
truth:  provides   null

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  activate   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  set a random states for the given states .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  apply   time
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  factory to create a decorator factory function in build module .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  test   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  uses   read
truth:  read   read

test:  remove elements of inputs from the list of lists .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the file server modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  frequency a resource .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   render

test:  check if the repository provided commit commit .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  to   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : id | qliteral | right | nonassoc | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create an input data from top image .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  temporarily get xml value using python .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  context   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to make a view out of addon allow for a given request .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  to   null
truth:  call   call

test:  run a view function after loading the timeout and loading its loading .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   waits
truth:  run   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  null   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  create and create the extension to create a github extension .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  header   function
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  return list of all power classes in the given template .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  control   a
truth:  get   get

test:  add a cli connection to the user .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  point   null
truth:  null   cli

test:  return the sympy sign sign as a scalar or :py:class:unicode .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  checks if any file in the current working directory are missing .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  create   list
truth:  check   check

test:  test mne analyze module .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  list all the machines interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gives   a

test:  return the - serial client for this process .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  to   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  will return the list of discussion settings for a given course settings .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  error   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a simple hierarchy of units or rbacagents units .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  time   time

test:  returns an iterator that can be used to order the difference between the given color and returns the color .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  to   null
truth:  splits   a

test:  returns whether the input data is a transform of scatter() sparse matrix .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to amazon route 53 :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the linear or right probabilities or right as a lineartransform or a lineartransform instance or a lineartransform dictionary of 2d array of broadcasting or sparse = right .
truth: compute dot . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   dot

test:  redirects to contigous .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  to   redirect

test:  return the list of volume info for the specified library .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  returns   entry
truth:  return   info

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  ensure   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  check that the occurring transforms of f(x) is not used to compute the gui of the unlink_identity examples .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  retrieves   replication
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  use the decorator to generate tests to run the wrapped function as automatically set the test if the timeout is not wrapped .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  to   use
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  shortcut for either an instance .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  construct   waits
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a template string into a tree .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert a datetime value into an integer value .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  lists all sinks and menu .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  lists   loop
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a datetime value to a datetime .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if path given a python package .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  return   check
truth:  is   null

test:  test the cosine keeps keeps and groupby into a list of word .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  make   format
truth:  test   test

test:  clear the search index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method to get requests from a given request or a dict .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a dict of the given reference .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sort   key

test:  converts time zone aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  this method gets the list of line used in the given clean up .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a random string of the specified random string .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  tests that the given attributes need to be listed in the candidate .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  attributes   test
truth:  pass   pass

test:  creates a new instance of the given exception .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  retry   update
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  downsample by tags to dest and dest .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends ends .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if *obj* is a collection .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   tests

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  init   init_declarator
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  setup the sony gpmdp .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator to indicate that the decorated function is used in setup .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  function   test
truth:  null   provider

test:  the same as the nonce code which will have been added to the expected value of deregistering .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  accept   prints
truth:  contract   a

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   a

test:  enumerates all of the contents of implemented .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  get   find
truth:  find   find

test:  equalize the epoch on the epochs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  list   convert
truth:  equalize   null

test:  modify a list of containers => => => => tuple for containers with the order which is longer because there is a tuple .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get the precedence of the state for a given state .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  get   get

test:  find the absolute path to a specific file .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing object to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  only load if python-memcached libraries exist .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  if   load
truth:  load   load

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  turn the csrf off off off a csrf request object with a new name: manifest .
truth: given a request . 
test:  delete   source
truth:  given   a

test:  update patch_file .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   limit
truth:  update   update

test:  create a list with all items in baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   items
truth:  matching   matching

test:  validates the course mode .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  return a string with an items expire .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   n

test:  setup the available destination sensor .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator that skips tests if the given test is not installed .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  writes the given file with the given write function .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  write   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   calls
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove specific configuration from the rabbitmq-plugins config .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  log   log

test:  extracts the discrete location of the discrete network or raise an error if it does not exist .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  compute   integer
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension at create an ndarray of boundaries extension of an extension extension .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the image level by properties in properties of image properties .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  run   null
truth:  sets   optional

test:  using the provided renderer object .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  converts   edit
truth:  using   null

test:  returns true if the given dictionary is a sequence of all pairs .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks to see if the current site is assigned to the current site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  work   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  helper function to get a user from a string .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  null   a
truth:  expects   a

test:  downloads a wtforms .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set evacuate fact if they are not already present in facts .
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  set   signals
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate pricing driver by the value of the given type .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidates   success
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  transfer the closest remaining from the closest remaining to the closest closest and equivalent the closest remaining from the closest remaining path .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   fill
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  methods with the class that uses the decorated class and methods as well as the class .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   version

test:  extracts a list of issues from the database .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   references

test:  gets an exploration to a yaml list of states for the given exploration .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  pivot   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that in-db extension are not created with translation .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   plural

test:  check for solving to the color(s) or ] .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   find
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   os
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  run   custom

test:  send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  dummy function for doctesting empty line manager .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  have   null
truth:  is   null

test:  runs the inception moving only .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  model   model

test:  compute the sets of a sets of nodes .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  null   paths
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  gets the compressed tag for the requested expression .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  return   html
truth:  translate   translate

test:  ensure a specific profile is valid .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   state

test:  helper function to get the most recent osf statistics .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate test cases .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  return   null
truth:  run   run

test:  return a pair of dictionaries .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  select   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the node is a decorator used .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  download a previously set of s3 .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  download   shorthand
truth:  download   download

test:  sanitize filename .
truth: utility function . 
test:  does   filename
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a matplotlib time string to a tuple .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  convert   a

test:  takes a timedelta and returns the total number of seconds represented by the object .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  null   null

test:  select the expression on the output of expr .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  evaluate   returns
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  return a list of the type @override between the first ufunc and kwargs .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  determine   sparse
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the file directly dynamically .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   modules

test:  iterate over the repository transplant .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  decorate methods with this to require that the user be logged in .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete the given child cache item .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  access the access token for the current site .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  return the current system .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  prints   put
truth:  time   time

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  construct   override
truth:  construct   null

test:  computes the distances; mean squared error .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  function   generate
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure it is colorful to the secret .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  check   test
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  host   human
truth:  converts   binary

test:  retrieve a template from the master path .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check that the value of the supplied config value can be stored .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a signature scheme object pss_sigscheme that can create or verify pkcs#1 v1 .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   linking
truth:  linking   linking

test:  look up the test documentation for something like oil .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  read   try
truth:  read   read

test:  read the last file from the production tables .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   a

test:  given a linear programming simplex tableau .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   representation
truth:  given   a

test:  removes anything enclosed in a string .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalize   transform
truth:  string   string

test:  detects if the file is in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   logos
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns the value of the ask or none if no user does not match the given successfully .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  asks   null

test:  generate new private keys of nbits keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the current task .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  return   a
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  stream -> bytearray generator .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   n

test:  call the service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  take   a
truth:  call   call

test:  display the skeiniso dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return true if the given object has a choice .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   action

test:  helper function for generate a count of trees for a given trees .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  count   count

test:  is test for querying querying parser .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  return   sqlobjects
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  test that invalid usage exception works as expected .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  determine the elements of a set .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  this method will use the given coupon code to make sure the given user .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a list of string copied from the given string .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  create   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  tests   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   plugin
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the provided package is installed .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  clean   test
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return the authorized public activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the image members table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  returns   authentication
truth:  changes   changes

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  breaks   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  returns default gnupg .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  given the sequences of sequences and log lines .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  format   format

test:  returns num-tilings tile tile and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the actual cluster for a job .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  get   return
truth:  check   check

test:  given a class .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  extract   add
truth:  string   string

test:  shows installed version from version version .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  server   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  reset the given model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython output of ipython output works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the version of the release of the request .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  validate that the requirements of invalid requirements are valid .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  validate   control
truth:  validate   validate

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate an md5 hash for an md5 hash of the given file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  generate   generate

test:  sum the given column or supply .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  calculate   column
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  move a file from the filesystem to the one location .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  missing   null
truth:  move   move

test:  moves the files .
truth: move a file . 
test:  rename   null
truth:  move   a

test:  do some necessary .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  to   tool
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the fans object by id .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return raw tool xml as a dict .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  parse   path
truth:  load   load

test:  checks that livestreamer image is set correctly .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  parses   validates
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: file a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  string   bool
truth:  file   file

test:  prints out the data size .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  print   usage
truth:  plots   plots

test:  serialize a value to a file object .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  writes   log
truth:  dump   null

test:  find a user by name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   a

test:  a helper function for converting *things -> character .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   add

test:  display the lift dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  gets the hexsum hexsum for a given vector .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register language support for the given image class .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  get the random integer .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  load all plugins whose plugins are any plugins in the list .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   attempts

test:  load more information from module .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  disallow   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of qos objects for an object .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  step   get
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a random value with the same number of seed according to seed the leading value .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks that the given compatibility exists and is actually available .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  runs   runs

test:  takes the current argument .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  execute the code that changes to the statement .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  execute   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  return a *safe* bound to the given target target target -- the object to be weakly referenced .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  get   use
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  compute the vmdk size and properties for the image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  get   size

test:  replace the given version string with the standard version .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  code   output
truth:  undoes   null

test:  lower triangle vector with binary vector .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  build the file client and add it to the cloud provider .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  scan an archive and returns the list of trackinfo objects .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return a random column of the given a random expression .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  get all api deployment for a given apiid and deployment cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   api

test:  check for one of the form of one of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  close the resource at the given resource .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  display the skeiniso window .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  start   a
truth:  display   display

test:  opens count on disk .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  count   null
truth:  download   download

test:  extract the data from the given directory name .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  determines the user for a given user .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  to   up
truth:  convert   convert

test:  unset post mortem mortem debugging set .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  changes   object
truth:  remove   remove

test:  quick check to see if a cwl tool looks like it may be changed .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  show the most recent square square the shape of a most recent density function .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  return   x
truth:  return   a

test:  list the stacks .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   ros

test:  define a class by reading the current version of the database .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  check   null
truth:  test   test

test:  this is a separate function that ignores all the keys in the given identity .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  null   identity

test:  sets up setup in setup .
truth: run setup . 
test:  to   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  data can be called when using the instance instance .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  serialize   python
truth:  null   django

test:  use a setuptools version of sys .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  verify   control
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a denoising object with only the points .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   count
truth:  get   equation

test:  get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the key .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  parses   information
truth:  null   a

test:  find the sequence of paths in a sequence .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if obj is a sig .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the median of the median value of the given mid value .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculate   median

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return a testsuite testsuite that will be used for test modules .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   mocks
truth:  returns   a

test:  calls f .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  convert string to chr .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  return   text
truth:  sort   sort

test:  helper method of traverse .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  takes   stats
truth:  traverse   null

test:  compute the average clustering of the bipartite graph .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  tracing; a sequence according to the elements of the sequence .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  introduce   element

test:  allows the user to submit a given challenge field .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  existing   return
truth:  submits   a

test:  adds a team member to a team with team_name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  disassociate all fixed ips associated with a given host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c options as used by at least two types of duration options .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  test gl inverse option .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  test   color
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   options
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file and return its filename .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  return   open
truth:  open   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string like it into a dict .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  validate   json
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove the full path from the list of full filenames .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   path

test:  program : line | line | program .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  null   program
truth:  null   program

test:  returns a cache object for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current file number .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loads the global settings of all settings variables contained in settings .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  construct   print
truth:  displays   differences

test:  create an iterable of expressions of f to an vector of f .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  function   permissions
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  stream the aws retention period of the retention .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  read   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  split the given list of inputs into the input intersections .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  add   up
truth:  add   add

test:  parses an authorized partition .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  takes   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  loads all admin from the given queries .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  queries   queries

test:  tests that we can load a contractive autoencoder and train it for a dummy dataset-- tiny model on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  load   test
truth:  loads   a

test:  return otu map file separated by one of each sample file .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  filter   otus

test:  create an instance of the provided app .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  run   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uploads a file from within a url to the tool file .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  null   snapshot
truth:  function   function

test:  same as situations: .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function for validating salt operation .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  infer   method
truth:  to   try

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  returns the path to the current systems .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  yield chunks of names that match the given pattern .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  iterates   null

test:  return a list of the terms of the packets with a set of values .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  uploads   compute
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  mocks the first command .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  check   command
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of a given directory path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  give an expression constant when its sympy expression .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  null   values

test:  the uri returned by this page .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  get operator by name .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  name   return
truth:  assert   assert

test:  read the gene data into a thread .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  function   data
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the main function takes the script and returns the api 3-tuple for the followers module .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  return a list of issues url hits .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  import   page
truth:  github   github

test:  helper decorator that ensures a set of recursive methods are running .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  to   comment
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a foo that either mod or github-hosted .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   t

test:  function to convert a type url to a type .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the required prior to be used in required prior to the required prior .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   method

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  if   master
truth:  if   check

test:  remove set of pkg from i .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  specified   remove
truth:  repeated   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  dump details of the configured config .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  suspend   config
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number of different primes of max .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  writes the addon float to a file and writes the parse_dates bytes to a file .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  write   check
truth:  write   null

test:  returns true if the given proxyname is running under proxy .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view function as exempt from csrf csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  name   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  converts a method to a png string .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   method
truth:  export   method

test:  add flex methods to existing arithmetic methods .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert x to numpy .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  cast   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for tasks and milestones .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   mapreduce
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  please please use code1 .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  fill   header
truth:  if   null

test:  converts a hash value with the given symbol .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  password   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  sort sort from pypi frozenset when using calling reorders methods .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  verifies   number
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a binary string into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  send daily .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  reports   send
truth:  reports   reports

test:  entry point for conversion process .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  create   point
truth:  build   build

test:  test to ensure that the included type correctly handles a token to cause a token to allow the token to allow the expected api_key type to cause the token to
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   json

test:  format a property into an infinite host .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  sanitize   a
truth:  host   host

test:  runs the given shell command .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  run   use
truth:  execute   null

test:  create a directory with the specified folder .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  tests that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  ensure   tests
truth:  to   try

test:  turn a list of allocations into a single resource provider provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  create a simple switched using the calculated revocation .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  update   update

test:  extract the translations from a file .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extracts   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  deletes/withdraws from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the route route from vrf .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a model .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   compat
truth:  null   version

test:  create a friends or framework file using the given file .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  called when the process has related objects .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  handles   null
truth:  make   null

test:  check if point is a valid convolution parameters x : bool or function returns true if x is valid .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  is   a

test:  adjust shapes to use this function is the equals dimension .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  header   a
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  generate a randomly generated points .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  run   null
truth:  test   test

test:  extracts and returns a list of sentences from the first argument of lists .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  look   null
truth:  measure   measure

test:  download command from url to download the final mainloop .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  download   download
truth:  build   a

test:  perform an minfo record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  modified version of *url* .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the declares if it is not equal to the image .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the full config file kind .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  return   try
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to check the shortcut of the git repo .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  return   return
truth:  launch   launch

test:  create a fake cluster dict .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  fake   drops
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator that injects the decorated method into a view .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   summaries
truth:  add   summaries

test:  return iterator of all available data files in the given directory .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects a boolean of boolean objects from the list of block structure .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  collects   a

test:  it doesnt choke on user input .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  check   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  takes a path and an absolute path and returns the path and a module .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the model model that points from the given database .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  fetches   null

test:  build master api server .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a classical crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests if the creation naive are in the naive naive .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   tests
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  validates the users to access to the course descriptor .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  update   null
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if enum is an instance of enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  initializes all applications in the database .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  to   null
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   division

test:  dump statistics to a transaction .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  attributes   updates
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns true if g is a edge cover of g .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  decides   null

test:  add the translation translations for the given plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  add   plugin
truth:  adds   a

test:  error checking for routines that return a pointer .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  returns the multiplication of a given scalar .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  null   relu
truth:  indices   indices

test:  load a module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  load   module
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true .
truth: return true . 
test:  does   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager that oauth2 phrase for use in the mrjob api to unpickle the hash function parses the hash multicast multicast address returns: hex bits8bitpalettemode objects .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   null

test:  create a color by name .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   dict

test:  show a repository .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  commit   commit
truth:  show   a

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  check if the given package is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  execute the brew brew command .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  execute   method
truth:  calls   calls

test:  collect entities from the given list of dicts .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute an indefinite integral of the consecutive function .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  null   null

test:  executes the command .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  execute   command
truth:  execute   null

test:  returns polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  this directory will remove the given directory or zip file .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  trailing   null
truth:  make   null

test:  function to monitor .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  raises   training
truth:  null   infinite

test:  return absolute path to keystone file if it doesnt exists .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  find   path
truth:  return   location

test:  return the getmodule from a module .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  work   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make a file with the specified options and raise an exception if file does not exist .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  to   convenience
truth:  make   a

test:  test that matplotlib visual distribution works as expected .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  issue   test
truth:  error   error

test:  turn a list of population into a replacement string .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  null   matching
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a sitemap message that uses categoricals with the given sqs .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   dev

test:  parses a single changes file and returns a dictionary containing copied names .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  list   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns the time in milliseconds since the epoch as a floating point number .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   compute
truth:  return   current

test:  for handshake with similar system .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  help   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  convert a value to a interval .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  decorator to mark functions as hotshot .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  link   decorator
truth:  mark   fn

test:  ensure permissions are unable to work .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  ensure   convert
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently delete a health check .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set the local attribute of attributes .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  handle   form
truth:  null   privacy

test:  return the kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value is a kern value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  return   a

test:  create a theano model that is first argument .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  creates   a

test:  remove the content of the latest oauth2 by the given tag .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  posts   posts

test:  set the subtensor of an object to the subtensor .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  give   sets
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  extract   part

test:  given an :class: .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   null

test:  return the qos_specs expansion of the bw: made up to 1 .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  validate   uniform
truth:  return   power

test:  returns the grade histogram of the histogram histogram .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  print   print

test:  returns "dir" or "file" according to what type path is .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of names associated with the given vms .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   datacenter
truth:  return   a

test:  provides the context manager that swallows the code of itself .
truth: override sys . 
test:  verify   sys
truth:  override   sys

test:  returns the path to the root directory of the user .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   root

test:  return a frequency frequency datetime index or saved values with fixed values less than the specified frequency .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  downloads a file from a file; url .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   in

test:  return true if the leading value includes the current : a true if the current element is true .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a dictionarys action .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  create   in
truth:  to   null

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   manager
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  the reference or xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  verify   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of dir .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the username of a process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of paths by their corresponding printable value assigned to the feature of each variable .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  architecture architecture .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  string   return
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  clear cache entries .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads a file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if super contains super .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  setup a vils worker .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   permissions
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  get four by four .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a storage object that implements the items of a given request .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  null   null
truth:  usage   usage

test:  find the file to which file a folder is only supported by the user .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  if the bundle structure of the first element is of the wrong bundle .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  test   format
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find the given column in the table .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  if   null
truth:  alter   a

test:  this function decorates the arguments in the given ctypes .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  function   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  odbc transitions to be run when connecting to the client with a collection .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  null   null
truth:  command   command

test:  return plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  plugin   plugin
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies for dependencies of a dependency .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a client for discovery .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  to   discovery
truth:  generate   a

test:  check and make sure that it exists .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the vector3 multiplied by a point .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return the version of windows currently installed version .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  list   list

test:  generate a random url-safe encoded sample .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confine   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  try to get the filename of the given filename .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  yank from a configuration file .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the map of document .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  copies   shim
truth:  test   test

test:  get new user .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  return the first revision of a mercurial revision .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a dict of services args to be used in a dict .
truth: given a field . 
test:  execute   value
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new oname image .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts from python 3 to rgb image .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return the string used to interact with the current request .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this is here to retrieve the same file .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  open   try
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  free an event role that has not been access to the given class .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a string .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string representation of a word2nums integer .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  used   function
truth:  used   function

test:  return a list with the unique names and the file names .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   data

test:  pick out user and which authentication authentication to be able to download .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   authentication
truth:  pick   installer

test:  create a dictionary of messages from a piece of dict .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   a

test:  return the matrix notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read a file with guess=true header and test that it can accept values .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  reading   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get a locale for a specific class or group .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a datetime to a float of integers .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the full path to the binary zone .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  escapes   approximation
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   data

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  download the setuptools and download the vice modules .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  download   install
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips by project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  validate   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this functions calls the input html page to convert from the command .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  signal   function
truth:  function   function

test:  function called for all functions .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that the haproxy regexp works as expected .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  converts a datetime value to a string for use with rfc 2822 _ .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  function   a
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  check the limit that the validation matches the given validation results .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  performs   request
truth:  limit   limit

test:  parse a string of the message .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  add specific members .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  given a dict .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   number

test:  this generator does the actual sources of the file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  generate   source
truth:  null   generator

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  scans a class by calling the given module and returns the class as a class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  attribute   class
truth:  add   a

test:  return the version of proxy .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  flatten a list of units or dictionary into a collection of units .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  given   a

test:  takes the authsub data .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check to make sure the default horizontal matches the input horizontal .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  sends a message to the given address and send the given address to a content-disposition content-disposition .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  produces   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  generic t-confint to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  test   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user has and returns an roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as positive .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  return all nodes having a path to source from source to source iterator .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  return   return

test:  prints out the list of compound rows .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  returns true if the given error code should be included .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  create an http service .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a new hash of data with the given data structure .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command contains the specified text .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  command   null
truth:  null   method

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  remove   controller
truth:  removes   a

test:  generates an additional auth with given name .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  check   print
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan a postfix log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  select   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  creates a route table .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  given   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return eol characters .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  check   eol
truth:  text   text

test:  create models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   models
truth:  register   models

test:  retrieve all example names for a given package .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that a string is a valid key for operating system .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  calculate md5sum of an md5 hash .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  generate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert text to an integer .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   xml
truth:  converts   converts

test:  renders the media for the template tag for the given object .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  populates   a

test:  cast an all-zeros to a tensor .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  validate   factory
truth:  cast   cast

test:  parse the iso 8601 from the config into a datetime object .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  to   attempts

test:  convert a bit integer into an integer .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  ensure   actions
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a problem function for a given course_id .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  show all modification on a logger .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  make   null
truth:  if   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set a password in the named user .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  internal function to run a container .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  find the controller for the given types and return value .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  build   a

test:  returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a csv from a list of feature features .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  make   null
truth:  request   request

test:  draw epochs .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  handle   entity
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  return starting with line numbers starting from the source code .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  return   line

test:  does a indentation level .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the numeric row/col to the receiver-operater specified by windows .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  validates that the value of a node is a callable .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   values

test:  water restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sources

test:  attempt to open the data in json for the specified data .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to make sure the command can safely process .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  runs   wrapper
truth:  command   command

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  used   parameters

test:  returns true if text is a builtin python package text .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  delete view .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  null   method
truth:  del   a

test:  retrieve all enabled containers associated with the given names .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load the page from the current page .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  publish   returns
truth:  publish   a

test:  add the index and the values .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  escapes   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the onkyo platform .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  bytes   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  normalize a line of text to a line containing unit style .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  mask   strips
truth:  fixed   return

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  create an arbitrarily yielding all child nodes which are attached to top level primary .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   attempt
truth:  find   children

test:  individual insert/commit pairs via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function to install a zip file containing all files in it .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  print   null
truth:  null   a

test:  create encoding from dict mapping file names to be dict .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  make   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  make a sequential palette that modify multiple parameters .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   multiple
truth:  given   null

test:  returns list of all python modules from pythonpath folders .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  restore containers and print them matching containers .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  install   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  t loglikelihood given observations and mean dlldy .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  choose   returns
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get an attribute of an object .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  to   attribute
truth:  get   get

test:  plot the figure and plot the options for each figure to be generated .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  draw   null

test:  return exercise list for all exercise modules .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  copy the annotations from the dest to the destination .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  helper function to convert the image to square .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  profile   null
truth:  given   a

test:  update timeline timeline .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  null   uninstall
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a class registered with the given alias .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse search results into different results .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list with all the ids of the given user .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the system plugins for the given group .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in file outfp to the file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  write   tags
truth:  append   tags

test:  solves lap_sparse diophantine equations .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  returns   linear
truth:  function   function

test:  construct a finder project and returns list of finder names .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   factory

test:  returns true if the given object is a integer or of an instance .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  estimate the multivariate variance of a multivariate distribution .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  null   part
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   cli

test:  retrieve all key_pair for a given project or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator which adds a test if it does not exist or not .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  string   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return hosts file names for this minion cli example: .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  compute the polar value decomposition of the given side .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  p   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create the port that correspond to the specified upnp .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  install a .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   flocker
truth:  install   flocker

test:  check if a polynomial is about the given number of from: .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  send   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  returns the value of the first argument of the given number .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  value   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete any additional emails .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  email   email
truth:  clear   null

test:  remove an existing jacket from the container name .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return true if the first bytes is html .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns a json formatted value with chars .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  lowercase   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display all private repositories from the system .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   system
truth:  list   list

test:  if the user is masquerading for the course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an http response object from a response .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a copy of the image that was modified by the rfc 2822 .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  create   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator to make sure the call before launching given .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  limit   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  perform deseq2 negative da on a raw abundance otu matrix .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  create   deseq2
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  returns a a container .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  string   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager to run a command in a subprocess .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  runs   a

test:  compute the robust corresponding to the supplied axis series .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  return a dict with information about the contents of the database to connect to the current database user the database cli example: .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  returns   redis
truth:  return   return

test:  factory function for creating html .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  parse   verifies
truth:  is   pkg

test:  this should be a backwards compatibility function to work with the given path .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  show the value of the given uncaught api .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  make   null
truth:  function   function

test:  widen the file or gcodetext .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  raft   mill
truth:  limit   a

test:  reshapes the dictionary .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  null   representation
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  build the target url for a given node .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   page

test:  run a power-cycle by name .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  null   a
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   join

test:  add a nova .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  add   add
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the checksum of the current thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  install the default translation .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   install
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  do the process .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  to   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return whether or not we are a python object .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  setup the lg switches .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse arguments from user text .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  output   call
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  generates the intersection of the minimum data .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  set   state
truth:  accepts   a

test:  detach methods associated with the current thread .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the current locale .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  get   current

test:  run dtype .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  to   fixture

test:  return a format string of the given type with the given type .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to check if a ccx is assigned to a course of the course of the current course .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  context   null
truth:  create   a

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  merge a musicbrainz draft .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  put   a
truth:  if   check

test:  match the string pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  to   try

test:  rename a bunch of iterators .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  rename   attempts
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   newline
truth:  null   newline

test:  determine if the given query is a query .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   return

test:  context manager that changes the current translation translation .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  activate   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  if   null
truth:  show   show

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  get the output of the current request .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  turn a name into a namedtuple .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  returns   behavior
truth:  build   build

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  return   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a tuple of an wavelets engine .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  tuple   search
truth:  get   a

test:  in case of file is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  dynamically load the target module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  call   null
truth:  function   function

test:  does this annotations from the current working code .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  create   null
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move items from a specified query to an existing query .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  move   move
truth:  moves   null

test:  check if the glob matches the glob patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  this function determines all subj alt by name .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   null

test:  set the current assets in assets .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  null   key
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  initialize data with new threads .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  detects the executable specified by the version of the specified executable .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if the psql bin exist .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   load
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of the all graphs the graphs of all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the last modified etag .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure testing mode is enabled in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   master
truth:  parse   nms

test:  this decorator determine if a user is a command .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  package   strings
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  atomically atomically connection to a given bucket path .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  select   copies
truth:  move   a

test:  create a query from a dict of instance ids .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  null   sandwich
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  find all the bricks visited found in the list of bricks .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  figure   detail
truth:  walk   null

test:  return a list of the names of xml volumes in the given root .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  list   boolean
truth:  configured   list

test:  get information about the computer .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   package
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  set the given properties on a task and update it .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  update   set
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  packs that validates that the value is a specific value .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   queues
truth:  packs   a

test:  print details of an album .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  color   prints
truth:  print   authors

test:  retrieves information for an operation .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  command   file
truth:  calls   calls

test:  a replacement for stop whether a pid is running under a unix host .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  retry calling the decorated function .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  run   decorator
truth:  try   something

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in reverse functions will make any exceptions .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the onkyo platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  retrieve the pairwise distances between x and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  disable user to users .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a list of global-level to a list of attributes .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  function   function

test:  return if simple function is smartos .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  combine the elements of a schema into a single path .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a single single policy .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the element by id and attribute .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dictionary of the tool shed config within a given app .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   value
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the signature is cleared properly .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  label   issue
truth:  make   null

test:  read the metric dict from the candidate .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   traffic

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  formats   string
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns true if task has custom attr .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  if   open
truth:  return   return

test:  initializes the given object in a class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return list of tuples: devices .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   get

test:  get line arguments for the current process .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the x work of zero at zero .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  null   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  string   slashes
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  encrypt the specified data with key key .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  product view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  ordered   product

test:  close the specified issue for this github .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  stop   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  helper function that returns the grains from the grains .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  cycle   function
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to ungroup a validating host:port .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text - the cipher - the cipher - the cipher to decrypt the cipher - the cipher data .
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  avoid all model attributes except for keys in a dict .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  strip   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return the mode directory path .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  sample   method
truth:  return   a

test:  get the grains from the proxied datastore .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  get   get
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a actual schema for the given schema .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  format   a

test:  plot the entropy from a to be array .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  give a list of page where the user can add or the page to the page can access to the page to the page afterwards afterwards .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  add   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return an style style type for a given type .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  copies   entity
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae allows samples that actually be the right lower than the required samples .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  multi-class prediction crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  null   prediction
truth:  cross   cross

test:  import a module .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  null   alternative

test:  return a template string that renders the input .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   a

test:  copy an unsigned word to the destination .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  tests retrieving a lazy_registration object with an api call .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  add   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  detach all isnt in the same path as the enforce process .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   program

test:  the dynamically add a results to the context of the given message .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  send   a

test:  delete images uuid cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the argument specification from grains cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   one

test:  class decorator that closes the methods of the given class .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  iterate   decorator
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  returns the names to use for the given keys .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  check   find
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  returns the object pointed to by obj .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  object   object

test:  calls formatters .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  null   formatter

test:  format tasks into a task that has been received as a background task .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  format   a

test:  unix line from clipboard .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  move   minimum
truth:  kill   kill

test:  returns a method that allows serializers to be called in the request_cache .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  func   null
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  set the old rss limit for the given rss .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a model of model objects .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  slice   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   alf_explicit_auths
truth:  return   return

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  check if the given contents is valid .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  strips starting from a string .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  function   null
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses the given image for evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: html plugin yaml: html documentation .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   html
truth:  null   null

test:  get gear path output .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  given the full text .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  write   matches
truth:  compute   compute

test:  clear the weights .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string with the given regex .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  formatting   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  add an appropriate is:" .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a javascript source from the addons file with js .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  returns   sequence
truth:  has   js

test:  perform the database to create the current api version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  make   re
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  test wale_syslog_facility syslog .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  copy a byte string to a binary string .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  sharedvariable the full word on a given message .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  performs   up
truth:  look   up

test:  remove any files from path that come from mtime .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  show the list of terminal options .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   show
truth:  list   regexp

test:  detects if the specified agent is configured on the system .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a list of the currently selected languages in the context .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   time
truth:  return   return

test:  deduce the encoding from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get difference loops from loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  loops   difference
truth:  get   intersection

test:  used to parse the command line arguments into the command line .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  parse   point
truth:  running   running

test:  verify calling & new-style new-style in an existing class should give the same name for the given class .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  function that validates the minion from the target function and return the data about the function .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   data

test:  generate the skeleton matrix from the file in the given list of numpy loaded with 1s or raw input is returned by :: come and come with the zea the
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  return   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  make a list of datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  make   updates
truth:  make   a

test:  this function checks if the command is being executed .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   check
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if expression is a nnf expression parameters expr : expr returns true if expression is a nnf /var/lib/lxc expression define a nnf expression or false .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  set defined configuration and make the configuration .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  given   a

test:  remove requests that arent authority .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  returns true if the github server matches the given raid .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  guard against recurrence .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   wrapper
truth:  sends   a

test:  debugging helper function to log a fake log file into log .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   a

test:  convert a tag into an empty tag .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return the details of the given group .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a list of all python modules to the directory .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  determines if certificate is a lets looking for a certificate .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given object .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   everything
truth:  get   a

test:  given a courses creator and a course_key .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  do not allow the type .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  convert   minimum
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a paypal string into a dict .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list all active vms on the system .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test creating a bucket .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   null

test:  update collections subscribers .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   source
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   one
truth:  derive   one

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  validates   photos
truth:  null   a

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   undo
truth:  undo   undo

test:  return all the data centers cli example: .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  run   releases
truth:  null   negation

test:  split and return multiple hosts from list of hosts .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  output   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  get meta cached model for given document .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   endpoint
truth:  get   frappe

test:  main function to pickle and run a file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  return   null
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  returns the number of args for the function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  find   find

test:  computes multivariate guass-legendre quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  multivariate   a
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  takes an ascii string and returns the associated percentage .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  text   text
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns an iterator of frames from the socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  are   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  convert   convert

test:  kill a signal .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  return the list of ssh ssh request can be created .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the stroke radius .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  inserts a new record into the database .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   representation
truth:  inserts   a

test:  returns the edxnotes id for the given user .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  returns   client
truth:  generated   returns

test:  make sure that line comments are included .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  converts a string argument to a string value .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  bytes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  regression test for #1795 .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  solve   validate
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  returns the number of seconds from the http date headers .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   datetime
truth:  converts   a

test:  context manager that ignores all of the specified exception and restore exception .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  code   null
truth:  save   current

test:  open a file instance by title and return the list of filenames .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a canvas parent parent .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   subroutine
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of classes defined in the given module .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  mock   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the nth cosine function of a rational function .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  normalize   function
truth:  finds   null

test:  get the contents of the hybi digest .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  null   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a dict with rules processors .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  collect   returns
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the service to debconf .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  if   up
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the specified resource exists in the running fields should be present .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   resource

test:  send email to users task .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  send   multipart

test:  check if input is a ipv6 ip or binary string .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return list of line numbers of the given line .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  install the plugin from module .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  return the path to an absolute directory of the given path .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  run   use
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister all models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   models
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all urls linked to a relase .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_profiling is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  parses and returns a configuration file .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  convert   override
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if encoding is ascii .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  return   check
truth:  given   null

test:  write seqs from a single fasta seqs to the mapping file .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  write   runs
truth:  writes   a

test:  escape a string for use in a url .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  null   call
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a bson double to python timestamp .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   article
truth:  takes   article

test:  initialise module .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  user logout .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logs   role
truth:  logout   logout

test:  compare non-nan and got are equal to the same arguments .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  takes   content
truth:  finite   finite

test:  force a file or a folder from src to dst .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return rate per second from diff - second - last_update .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  deprecated   returns
truth:  return   difference

test:  retrieve and return groups used by the given obj and computings .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  computes the area of an image at x .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  save the image as the response .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   code
truth:  process   process

test:  performs an external client configured with the given url .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy server paths :returns: recurrent .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  server   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if dataset is in dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  retrieve the command from the given configuration .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  create   null
truth:  lookup   a

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is installed .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  work   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core with core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   a

test:  factory for django .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   magic

test:  publish the given list of published pages into the given language .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  publish   -
truth:  published   create

test:  delete the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  perform a ruby command with a given name .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  abs(z) the *mu* data .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   dir

test:  returns a module and load the module .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  null   method

test:  checks if given certificate matches the certificate specified by given certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  return a dict with the roles from the given permission .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the releases releases within the specified episode .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  return   information
truth:  installed   shows

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  load   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   user
truth:  tries   user

test:  adjust the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  tune   null
truth:  call   call

test:  create a binary search for binary search .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  null   enquiry
truth:  null   null

test:  create new fastq with the same result as the to_dict function for each fasta fastq .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  null   create
truth:  makes   a

test:  validate and cosecant args: blas blas function converts the set of inputs to set the function representing the values of a set .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  update the user email in basket .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  make   metadata
truth:  update   user

test:  return a list of unique elements in the passed string .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  an xri object allowing comparison of xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  normalize   xri
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  checks if the given value is a tuple of the ismaster going to the weight .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  look up an object as json .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  null   a
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list_user_unsubscribed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  return list of all the locales found in the dictionary .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  load   locales

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  builds an option to select all selected options in browser .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  selects   a

test:  return the module .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  takes   module
truth:  import   a

test:  logs a time .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   channel

test:  compute a list of irreducible factors of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  shuts down the server and wait for all available applications .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  test for a regression introduced by __getattr__ .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   null
truth:  format   format

test:  set the content of cached content .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  break   content
truth:  stores   stores

test:  widen the preface gcode text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for openshift .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  select the intersection of two lists of each series into a series .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  header   calculate
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter tasks based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  estimate power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   coherence
truth:  compute   compute

test:  rm a job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  fetches the rights for this exploration from the given exploration args: username: the domain to retrieve the rights .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  load parameters from all reason .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  load   method
truth:  loads   null

test:  marks a function as wanting to receive a hash on a specific argument .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   +

test:  test updating the meta data when cache is not activated .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  insert   data

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the first hour of the first half falls into the first half value of the first hour hour mode .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  reads the byte of a binary file .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  create a new paste paste .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  makes sure the object is initializing when theres a particular frame .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  validate   data
truth:  null   frame

test:  add list of all installed handlers .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  add   new
truth:  registers   null

test:  update an existing execution by their table .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  set   db
truth:  marks   execution

test:  check if the user is masquerading for this student .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an error response with the given http response .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  display a review .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  to   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  print a list of cloudpipe .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  block   null
truth:  print   a

test:  set the mask for the current thread .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   shorthand
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the coverage and exit are correctly .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  release the reference count of media descriptor object .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   a
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test help command for existing command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  help   command
truth:  help   help

test:  create an image in the local directory args: image : location of the desired location of the image in which to return the location of the image .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see create table output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  renders a template with the given template and kwargs .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  render   a

test:  restart the pulled in the specified service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   return
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  try to try to dbfield and return data from the given dict .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  function   python
truth:  try   fn

test:  view function that displays password .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  converts   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  return the a identifying of the recurrence modulo a .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  detects   null

test:  add two attribute .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   lines
truth:  add   add

test:  enable tab completion .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  verify   user
truth:  enables   readline

test:  rename a module to the appropriate occurrences of a module .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  rename   build
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the cluster size from a cluster cluster .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  chunks   chunks
truth:  extract   null

test:  fit one or more estimators for each estimators .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  modified   validation
truth:  if   check

test:  expected improvement of log probability distribution parameters xmin : array_like .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  to   standard
truth:  return   n

test:  reverse function for raw_input() .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  base : base type | base | base | base .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  gets the printable code of a given offsets .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  to   code
truth:  convert   a

test:  compute checksum for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  open   null
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   member

test:  updates an event on the database .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  data -> gzip encoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  decode   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  recursively purge records that a dataset is this dataset .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  package   a
truth:  purge   a

test:  extracts code from function name and returns the oauth code .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  extracts   messages
truth:  code   code

test:  check a password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   a

test:  set whether option should be coerced to option if value is true .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file into the boundary room .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return the objects that dont be returned for the given function .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  raise an exception if auth is not met .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob id to match the given glob target .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the standard denoising denoising on a banded image representing well unlike works on the lost line .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  null   tv

test:  convert an xml file from an environment and return it .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  convert   script
truth:  given   a

test:  return a tuple for unit_number .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  to   null
truth:  function   function

test:  guess the result of a given object .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  default   set
truth:  null   number

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  performs rendering using template_string instead of a file or a string .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  rendered   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return the version string for the given version object .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  see   return
truth:  return   implementation

test:  return data to saved rules cli example: .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create an error code which looks like a video index in the given index .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  create   create

test:  creates command class by __round__ the command line options .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   options

test:  generate random images for the given number of images .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   number

test:  resolving to function that instantiates a class with the given class .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  define   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this is a cookies that includes items of indexes .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  index   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  converts an rgb luminance to a relative luminance color .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  return   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  join source files in source into their word .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  find   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert seconds since epoch to epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : integer command newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  string = int2ap .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  =   int
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert a string to a bool value .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  value   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns true if a is a a is b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a url to the auth .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  creates   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  read ctc from a fif file .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given version .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  doctest   run
truth:  add   a

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in y -- y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  compile the given dictionary and returns a piece of paths that is found .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  delete   compile
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the data for salt cloud provider .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   replacement
truth:  return   return

test:  set the encoded attribute of the python interpreter .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users view shows the list of available users and lets the user choose which ones he he .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  project   users

test:  adds the existing setting that the user has changed changed .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  signal   notify
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  see if the #1854 label is required to identify field label .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  default   html

test:  make the minimal api .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  makes   randomly
truth:  create   a

test:  return the stop entry .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  function   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  copy the master to the master to the master process if its a those state is true .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   html
truth:  copy   copy

test:  performs scaler matrix multiplication one row at at time .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  string   returns
truth:  performs   null

test:  tail of local system .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  null   os
truth:  like   like

test:  check if the service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  name   return
truth:  null   inverse

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  pad the list of dictionaries to a method .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  pads   null

test:  retrieve the log message from the db .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  output   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  add the lower case to the file: .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  inserts   up
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate the padding of the alignment darkened by decoder .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  byte   byte

test:  recursively guess the type from a field or dynamically .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  this function is used to retrieve the contents of a use for the project .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  to   null
truth:  presents   null

test:  multi-class multi-class .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  null   image
truth:  crops   null

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  listen for events based on configuration .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   event
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  disables   learning

test:  prepare the package and data into a dict .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in obj state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  retrieves all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  remove mine .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  remove   generate
truth:  removes   a

test:  return list of all vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   response
truth:  return   cputime

test:  initialize the global configuration file .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  config   config

test:  return an sum of difference according to the given self .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  sum   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   none
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  quick helper function to apply a set of 2d arrays to corpus .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   n

test:  returns true if pem bytes should be used .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  bytes   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  split functions into a module by functions and return the module loaded loaded in functions .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   a

test:  retain vertical spacing before comments and customize a xiaomi line .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  retain   null

test:  return a generator that sets the new tokens in the given list of tokens .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  fetches   sequence
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  omnibus and set up core .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  gets   disk
truth:  run   core

test:  return an rgb image with its samples drawn from a to label .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  make   null
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  split a string into multiple sub lists .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  remove a resource .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  yaml: run the command with the given banner .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  yields all testsuites .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the communicability communicability of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a default object whose entries are default .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  is   data
truth:  used   null

test:  create a non-existing of existing files from the json file of this function .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  find   attempt
truth:  return   json

test:  handle a libvlc_event_manager from no timezone when no timezone is passed .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  format   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  return list of all active games for the given list of active info .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the rtd version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a clsid .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  print   null
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  return the line number where the first iteration has a set of nodes that are not alphanumeric .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  if x is a manager manager .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  create   create

test:  create dask array from a stack .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   dask

test:  check that the function contains sos sections in sos format .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  validate   compute
truth:  to   helper

test:  append the :class:pyramid maps to the xml maps .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  displays   try
truth:  get   get

test:  the visual test of ticks that removes previous distribution .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   test

test:  finds the data .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  return   json
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns current user instance .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the value of a gaussian distribution .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   values

test:  run space-separated entry in the cache .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  memoize   unit
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return the result of the jenkins result .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  errors   cpu
truth:  convert   a

test:  configure effective debug level .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  to   return
truth:  is   null

test:  marks the state of an ssl certificate .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get all pairs from pillar .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  to   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: s: string . 
test:  find   a
truth:  string   string

test:  delete an cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  stream   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  show the contents of a specific configuration file cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  display   show
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an xml string from the xml definition .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  converts   in
truth:  creates   a

test:  same as a lstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  return   return
truth:  removes   null

test:  pull out the mapping dictionary from source to target .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  dictionary   function
truth:  maps   maps

test:  create the gzip file in the given file .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  create   config
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost exists .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  being used to cubic pings can try to being a good kernel .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  error   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the main page required for the specified kb .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the unit mapping associated with the given unit .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  open url to open the url for a local url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  opens   a

test:  return the a list of the aaaa for domain if resolve is false .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the contents of a file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  -   runner
truth:  create   create

test:  format the national number of national preferred number with the specified name .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns a jinja .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  register   validates
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  create and initialize the inverse for the given addon .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  init   settings
truth:  initialize   null

test:  find the value of the given header .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that the value of confvar is between [0 .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   provider
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  validate a python key as a string .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  determine whether a given test needs to be created .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if two tensors are equal .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  validates   method
truth:  check   check

test:  make sure the given strings is empty .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  test   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  call repr .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  unicode   form
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  retrieve all groups belonging to a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a list of weighted values for the given mean .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  calculates   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get container information about a container .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  list   remove
truth:  port   port

test:  returns check name based on check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list sep struct_declaration_list .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  colorizes benchmark with a reliable extension .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  flip the tree tree .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  switch   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  mean squared absolute path .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  does   compute
truth:  considering   null

test:  the http django server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   harvest

test:  this method is registered as ofp_error_code_to_str method into ryu .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   method

test:  combines the mapping of a list into a dictionary with descending elements .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  start specific state using a target_bucket cluster .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  search   up
truth:  let   null

test:  create an implementation of interface which can be used to call our api on a specific interface .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  compares two paths of different paths using the algorithm given by :ref:log_file .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of the active networks .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the corresponding next file that started the corresponding stack .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  create a jinja options object .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  return   config
truth:  return   return

test:  adds or add an attribute to the throttling .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the byte string representation of the given number .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  link   os
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test fixing positions positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  setting   test
truth:  test   test

test:  validate that the string is a valid dictionary .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  check   window

test:  this function is used to place a reference to the reference point .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the induced edges of g from a given undirected .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  return   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a connection .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  write   replace
truth:  breaks   up

test:  return a host string for a host entry .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the file subscription subscription subscription settings .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  update   return
truth:  format   a

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing current directory ( .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  computes nodes and write the html between the two strings .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  return   join
truth:  generates   html

test:  return list of running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running on cli example: .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  list   return
truth:  running   running

test:  create the default configuration .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  copy   return
truth:  enable   enable

test:  check if obj is a string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to register a function to be called .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  return line numbers for the line .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   get
truth:  obtain   line

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns a list of ids matching ids .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  make   dict

test:  given a path to a directory name in the path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   a

test:  fetch a json request to the given join of a given development .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  uploads   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create the result of model_found() from the given database .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  set   role
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set remote remote url to remote remote .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  ssh   master
truth:  set   app

test:  usage: the default response as an http 303 .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  incoming   response
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return entries information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  list   time
truth:  return   return

test:  release the contents of the given repository from the vhds folder or in which were loaded via the relying .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  release   request
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  turn a list of elements with final removed .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   a

test:  validate a google storage bucket name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  convert a string such as a string .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  generates   a

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  compute polynomial gcd in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  this function filters a topic to find the default channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gives   null

test:  parse -> confparse object for core-site .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieve metadata from plugin non-interactive .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   documentation

test:  given the list of paths .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  given   a

test:  safely load json data into json encoded json .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  output   json
truth:  null   null

test:  exponential linear unit :math:varphi(x) = ? x : e^x w of the exponential tensor .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   x

test:  return cart or not .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  return   cartesian
truth:  return   number

test:  check normal datetimes that have multiple edges of several python 2 .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  check   check
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten a list or tuple .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  a generator that creates a chunk of bytes .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a local partition instance .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  set up the fully qualified before launching a -> slave_fd .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised when wrong objects are wrong .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test with case of anonymous .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  create a new user .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  generate   build
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  sends   js
truth:  null   null

test:  freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  freeze   null

test:  returns the top of the given exploration summary domain object .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the base of rpc test for http requirement .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   format
truth:  string   string

test:  set the meta of the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   set

test:  normalize contrast .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  normalize   compute
truth:  null   contrast

test:  loads api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  s   integrity
truth:  loads   null

test:  attempts to restore a file from the given path .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  if   a
truth:  are   null

test:  add tags to a resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   tags

test:  load the content of three progress files .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  load   load
truth:  file   file

test:  initialize data with new threads .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  get redis hash value from a hash .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  get   set
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieve all attributes for this file: file: .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  if   source
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a named group .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this will check if all the available sequential sequential .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  load   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts urls into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  make sure that cpu is raised if it doesnt take .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a string of random chars .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  escape characters in list to their representative characters .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  escape   url
truth:  remove   remove

test:  authentication user to access a user .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  complete   returns
truth:  complete   auth

test:  send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to the first answer of bpf filters .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   packets

test:  generate data from input data .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  function   null
truth:  mean   mean

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  widen   widen
truth:  null   chamber

test:  renders the exception for the response .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  handle   failure
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   a

test:  knowledge knowledge view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  return the vm services cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  remove   a

test:  connect to a 3-tuple: and returns the commands .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  splits the datastore path into the datastore .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   try
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return the string representation of the -> string .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  transform   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  creates the row of buttons for delete .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  fixture to set the root xml as root .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  require   fixture
truth:  xml   xml

test:  method to checks if the elements of the provided dict are recognised in an <ul> .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  look   remove
truth:  keep   null

test:  partition a theano function into a sequence of elements .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  same as absolute .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  to   null
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  getter a repository from the /etc/opkg/* .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  mark   list
truth:  enable   enable

test:  redirects the user to the redirect to the url .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  url   urls
truth:  writes   a

test:  return a pdf consisting of xs and ps .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  plots   a

test:  calculate the hac covariance matrix assumes we have a groupsum covariance matrix parameters nlags : array_like time series .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   null

test:  return database tables .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   users

test:  this function takes a list of the options and returns the c{old} .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  takes   check
truth:  list   list

test:  path -  .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   encode
truth:  null   path

test:  view function that handles a user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  register   a

test:  puts() shouldnt print unicode output to unicode .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  transforms a command to the terminal .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  return   script
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx source .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   tokenize
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  gets registered registration registration from given node .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   node

test:  helper function to filter one or more quickly filter .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  to   one
truth:  try   try

test:  filters an iterable of functions that first by symbol .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  remove   a

test:  computes the generalized statistic basis for points in low x .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  null   num
truth:  test   test

test:  submits the pty-req pty-req for the payload cursor to the end of the file containing the correct javascript files in the correct format .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  string   expand
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a tar file from the virtual filesystem .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  disable an apache site .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   up
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the preferences thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the value of a foreign field .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  check   null
truth:  resolve   a

test:  fix various maps attributes on all systems which are present .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   set
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return which uris uris uris that is not a uri .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   method
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  look for the command-line argument in the same directory .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  regression test for url .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  pack   test
truth:  to   test

test:  submit a step to a given addon .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  used   i
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create action for bookmark .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  prepare the {} job .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  code   compatibility
truth:  called   null

test:  serialize a file into a directory structure .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  stream   tests
truth:  serializes   null

test:  tests if the gravatar has the specified gravatar .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ask   a

test:  perform some configuration mode using the http request .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set the default ruby version .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  execute a rule based on the sector_id .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  command   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  test if the current user is running under root .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verify   method
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  completion on a foo the same completion .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a function that raises a template with the given string or root template if the string passed in .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download a kernel .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  importing   try

test:  check if current request has a logged in the cookie .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get the family families for the current request .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  patch the given uid and return true/false if it is complex .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  creates   manager
truth:  testing   testing

test:  compute the negative log-likelihood function inplace .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  format   calculate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  update columns of columns .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  calculates   partitions
truth:  set   set

test:  test dipole min_dist to inner_skull .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  check   plotting
truth:  test   len

test:  :class:response that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works in ipython .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list pool cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  fetch fetch by applying function as input nodes .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  labels   optional
truth:  given   null

test:  check for pyrax configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   sys
truth:  convert   convert

test:  fullsplit -> components .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  check that all the branches is present .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  null   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks to see if the user has complete complete complete exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  requests   requests
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validates that value is a timeout or none .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   a

test:  returns the string attribute that encodes a python object using that represents a postscript xml character references .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   <

test:  returns a string with all ''pad characters .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  list   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  split code and text into clickable parts .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  ensure   run
truth:  list   list

test:  return the cache key to use for the repository .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given inputs and a dictionary of the result from all the element .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  this function given bug in response x .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  fix   swap
truth:  null   null

test:  given an iterable of strings .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  return   return
truth:  block   block

test:  confirm that all associated with a list of formset patterns .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes file to disk .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  write   delete
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one valid error .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   xunit

test:  decorator that ensures that we can @hosts hosts .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  make   null
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  seq1 and seq2 are not in seq2: mode .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  solves a general order difference of a general order differential equation with coefficients .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of resources with the given name .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return the text tag corresponding to a default tag .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  find   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  read crop data from file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test win example against known axis .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   legend
truth:  test   test

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get the list of the first plugin .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the hcp-mmp elements of a set of 2d image .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  compute   part
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a string representing a corresponding etag .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load a file .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return a deprecationwarning and update .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  reads html from file .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  write   a
truth:  given   null

test:  configure the celery celery application instance .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  point   up
truth:  configures   configures

test:  return whether the jsonp callback can be used as an identifier callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  return   return

test:  return the file size of the last scientific or compiled stats .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  return   check
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test infinity .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  nested   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller for budget_location .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  raises a typicalmemoryerror if the value of the given configuration file .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  time   time

test:  generate a geometric geometric matrix based on provided period parameters x: : ndarray .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  helper function that returns a copy of the given title .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete and deletes the given module from the given module .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  add a new songs to the database .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   polynomial
truth:  add   song

test:  create a tuple from tuple: .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the db cursor .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sets the most recently attribute that will cfgred the given changes .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  break   logging
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the list of featured activity references as featured model .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   a

test:  return whether the callable that requires supported with the passed user .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  wraps   change
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  read the creds of a file .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  if a column of unbounded right header header info is not a global table .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  string   reader
truth:  null   null

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  get   method
truth:  module   module

test:  replaces instances like concat with concat_ws(mid(char(0) tested against: * mysql tested against: * url * url * mysql 4 .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  add   a
truth:  append   a

test:  installs the database .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  set   a
truth:  get   get

test:  find the value of the first counter of the given counter .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   type

test:  converts a date in a datetime object to a native date format .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  return   reverse
truth:  string   string

test:  nth norm sine function for random samples parameters x : model instance where over error is the 1d element is the 1d sure that observations of observations or array_like .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  null   x
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  implements the edge atlas set to 1 in g .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  decides   return
truth:  return   return

test:  most test function used by a course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  get   null
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply linear operators .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  decorator that logs how long a query to be run .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the readout and the readout for a given set of params .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a finder qurl from the given module .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  lookup   return
truth:  imports   imports

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  removes users from the network device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  to   a
truth:  removes   users

test:  decorator that returns the result of the decorated function .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  extract the first retrieve root path from path .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  undo the effects of quote() .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  null   mark
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  returns the created type to use for a given server .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  store a configuration file .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  make   a
truth:  copies   copies

test:  return information on the system .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  block   block

test:  enable maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  enable   maintenance
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  verify if a certificates matches a public key .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the url to the bootstrap theme if enabled .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees in newick format to a file handle the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns a string representing a list of bytes with the provided key .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  builds the given entry from the given start line .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  set the attribute dictionary to multiplier .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  return an null string that encodes to hex format .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  string   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the module in the directory for the given file or directory specified in sys .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  if   get
truth:  null   null

test:  get files which have a gcode file type .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  start the test cases for no test cases .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  make   a
truth:  run   testcase

test:  sends a list of requests to use .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  link   null
truth:  request   multiple

test:  return a list of tuples that form the first half translate data to the given data .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  string   int
truth:  return   return

test:  load the module from a module or a filename .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  module   return
truth:  get   get

test:  check to see if the list is in the list of lists .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  check   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  find the current user for the given environment .
truth: return user name . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure that a package additions to a particular guest .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to take a list of strings and helper function to replace the policy string .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns the results of a single authsub cwd the path to the command line .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  for numbers that dont provide values .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  null   date
truth:  null   date

test:  finds the next double double double double value .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given an expression of numbers and log it from the 10 fork of the given message .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  create   compute
truth:  given   integers

test:  returns ranking managers for attach / installed_apps .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the current movie title handle where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   current
truth:  set   movie

test:  convert an array of 3d image into a class .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the named service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   inverse

test:  update average average .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return the get/key or lan_flag: .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of distributions from the distributions .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   analyze
truth:  chop   a

test:  returns list of items of items .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  track the estimators cover for calendars .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  set   script
truth:  track   states

test:  get the token token from the given http body body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns an iterator of edges in breadth-first-search from source .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produce   edges

test:  this function takes a list of the the minimum number of the range(n) n .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  null   increment
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a string argument to a string for use in a cookie .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a relative token value of bytes .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features into a single file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   feature

test:  find the elements of a sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  nested   a
truth:  empty   a

test:  flush the contents of two emails .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  email   email

test:  kills a blaze expression to a blaze expression examples .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  evaluate   set
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will have full access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  calculates the z score of the mean along the given axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  returns   replaces
truth:  null   range

test:  main function for entry point .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  check if specified port is a valid ipv4 port .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the provided scheme .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   add

test:  get the class of given object .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  replaces   decorator
truth:  fake   fake

test:  compute the entropy of the entropy of a model .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get the preferred preferred encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  function to compute the standard probability variance of a given class .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  null   deviation

test:  broadcast to github user defined in github .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  returns   cci
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function for simulating this module .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  m3u8 -> y_[2] .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  file   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about a group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  start   information
truth:  remove   a

test:  transform a lowpass filter prototype to a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  calculates the kendall tau list of pairs .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  run a function as interacting with args and return the timeout .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get all of the package names that owns a package .
truth: given a package . 
test:  package   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the placementgroup to use .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a phone number to a string of 10 as a string .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  command   contents
truth:  input   number

test:  returns true if the given request is a list-like instance .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  to   csrf
truth:  function   function

test:  given a querystring .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  compute   try
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  issue   a

test:  get profile avatar .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  url   url
truth:  return   a

test:  return the status for the given addon .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  validate   example
truth:  return   json

test:  imports all module into a module .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  import   create
truth:  to   try

test:  set gear helix helix helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that triadic does deep deep replaces replaces census .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  dynamically need to be able to dynamically app .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  output   null
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  download an s3 object to a file .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   mnist
truth:  download   download

test:  start the grains from the salt master pillar data and get the data to read the custom pillar data from .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  start   start
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a file system path to a tree or a mounted name format .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  check   fs
truth:  convert   a

test:  list slack users .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi-function with a cache server .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  convert a continuous random network to a dict of the respective inputs .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  algorithm   compute
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  exactly the same as calling an expected list of self .
truth: version of node . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   version

test:  use nltks to show the given version using the given version queue .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  decorator that adds headers to never never never never never never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a continuous substitution of x parameters by the expression in expr .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  performs   return
truth:  null   derivative

test:  decorator that ensures that the specified function is called on the pooled argument passed in .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list all hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  list   list

test:  moment conditions for estimating distribution parameters bins : ndarray .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  build the network interfaces from ifname .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return true if the leading value contains the same number as a boolean .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  is   a
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range of lines from lines .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a maximum of the vector3 with each component the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  get   a

test:  function which will return server status from state .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  ssh   run
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the expand hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller - needed by skill - all outbound pid messages are visible here .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  requests   requests

test:  make a list of welcome files that looks like a list of filepaths .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  sends the ask to the ask for the specified api .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  make   null

test:  ensure that the current axis is not curve .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  test   null
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  serve the files of this page .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  is   null

test:  create a watch .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  to   null
truth:  post   post

test:  checks if a postgres exists cli example: .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  render aggregate attachments .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  show   show
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  shortcut to create a mock data via normal autocovariance .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   component

test:  add sinusoidal to our date/datetime .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   threads
truth:  add   add

test:  convert utc time to utc timestamp .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  deletes a specific pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return true if the named container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  return   return
truth:  raise   null

test:  sgi the function with no effect of the input .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  move   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  given either x and y values are the number of seconds .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   up
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  extracts python source file from sys .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  concatenate   integer
truth:  performs   a

test:  check for an meg type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  check   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return the aggregate aggregate of the supplied dashboard .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  find   function
truth:  null   null

test:  take a list of flocker nodes from the game .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  uninstall   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches the exploration with the given user_id .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  write a value in the output file with the given name .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  convert string into a tuple .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  reads the feed file for the specified request .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  sets   up
truth:  function   function

test:  display last error message .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  like   null
truth:  to   data

test:  dump the private key *pkey* into a buffer encoded string encoded with the private cipher .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  compute the rsa private key for a given key .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether evoked cant calculate evoked data .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  backend   bem
truth:  evoked   test

test:  parse multiple infiles documents to final filepaths .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete a mount mounttargetid .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  ensure that all present groups are not present .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  if   check
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  parse the given package factory .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all directories on the master .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  joins an http dialog with the given url .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  create   return
truth:  make   urls

test:  transforms an image into a network input array .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  return   object
truth:  features   features

test:  test that an u'arceus' image is included .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  install   test
truth:  null   null

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  open tcp tcp entry for tcp server .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  to   blocks
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  get the pydoc code at offset at offset and offset .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  to   return
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two dictionaries and merge them into a single dictionary .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   thread
truth:  query   query

test:  set mysql collation setting for the column to be handled by the column .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  set   location
truth:  set   set

test:  add vector3 to attribute dictionary .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  checks if the specified element is present .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  build the firewall error message from a hex-encoded hash .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  check that nova is protected .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  null   check
truth:  look   null

test:  used primarily primarily to create a trashed .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  solves a compute against a compute equations .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  testing   a
truth:  extract   x

test:  helper function for mutable parse actions .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  format   metadefinition
truth:  return   a

test:  return number of number of lines in an coordinate .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  count   null
truth:  null   counting

test:  update a container .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  object   object
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the file .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   entities
truth:  detects   entities

test:  print the exception report for the given user .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  error   logs
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode a string from a sha1 string .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  string   string

test:  list all of reason from the display .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  display   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  show a message .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   a

test:  view decorator that marks a view as a view .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  project   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled prerequisites for the given course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that decorator that will if the user has the given permission class .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  if   null
truth:  use   use

test:  show all tenant status cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a batch of the provided axis to the make .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  basestring   add
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a single qwebview of the schemas between list of shape objects .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  read   data

test:  get channel types .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   estimation
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given response is a head sentiment .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  itemtype add page .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   new

test:  decodes html entities in string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   html
truth:  decodes   html

test:  test reorder and result from cov .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  verify   estimation
truth:  check   check

test:  quote a string so that it can safely be included in a shell .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  quotes   text
truth:  null   in

test:  return the form field or a namespace namespace .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  validate   app

test:  extract messages from mako keywords .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   messages
truth:  extract   messages

test:  the command-line columns will not allow columns columns to strings in the columns of strings which can contain the standard columns .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  test that x labels have equal equal labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   x
truth:  test   test

test:  set the result of the result .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  control   set
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   a

test:  sync all modules in all installed modules .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   task
truth:  sync   custom

test:  retrieve a specific account by id .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  setup z-wave sensors .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  setup   find
truth:  find   find

test:  attempts to fix the string from the given value .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  abort   =
truth:  given   a

test:  create a formatted host for a host .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  host   host

test:  check that rfc 822 files get rfc 822 .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  default feedback feedback url for api .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  default   following
truth:  null   a

test:  first argument is a list of modules that behaves the modules .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  test htmls to the random report .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  logs   indexing
truth:  adding   test

test:  decrypt a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using the specified stream .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  catch   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   compute
truth:  mask   generation

test:  convert an image file .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   try
truth:  convert   image

test:  return a repository and its dependencies that are in the repository tool shed .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  take   transform
truth:  return   a

test:  displays a message to stderr .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  code   a
truth:  needed   null

test:  decorator that checks if the user has the received there .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  issue   a

test:  return a local plugins in the directory .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  return   json
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculates the virt absolute image size .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  if   null
truth:  increase   image

test:  render mako template into mako .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   a

test:  this will remove items from lists of lists of items in a list .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   behavior

test:  return the value of projections replaced by <privatekey> .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  function   replaces
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  null   period
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks the result of numpy and cupy ones are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  insert/update a site configuration file .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  update   a

test:  show all the options from the user .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the path of the given module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  this function checks if the next scheduler is from the next iteration .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  configured   run
truth:  null   datetime

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   os
truth:  disallow   os

test:  do some actual tokenization .
truth: if possible . 
test:  make   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a continuous random variable name .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  generates   number
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  return string with column and associated values .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  cross   html
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function wraps a sensible function in a uniquely exception .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  retry   retry
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns the product of the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple helper that validates only choices and extensions .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  input   filters
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the int .
truth: get the int . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the size of a network size .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around opens .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   values

test:  gets the context for a given request .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  gets   form
truth:  extract   null

test:  a simple ini version of urllib .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  serializes   null
truth:  truncates   null

test:  find a stats of data .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  returns   characters
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of identity ids .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   identity

test:  returns the number of seconds that corresponds to a given number of decimal values .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  round   method

test:  parse a content-type like header into a dict of inverse tuples .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the response data for the login jwt .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compare the specified images in the expected image .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   image
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the flavor image type based on the worker key .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  verify   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  return true if an upstart service is disabled .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  check   return
truth:  null   null

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  find   find
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the package info .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  look   runs
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return the number of dictionaries where the task is run .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a port-name returns a png instance of the given nextevaluator or png .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  creates   up
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the homematic thermostat .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   converts
truth:  mark   mark

test:  generate a circle multivariate window .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  processing   docstring
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  merge the given element and look up the first text into the first node .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  return   text
truth:  removes   null

test:  serialize the list to a file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  unpack   serialize
truth:  process   process

test:  get the end of the control path .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factory function for defining a default help_options instance .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make the tests out sys .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  context   a
truth:  place   a

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to preserve order of the original list .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the size of the last dimension to match a given dimension .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the time in cpus .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  return   linecache
truth:  convert   convert

test:  build list of .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  build   build
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: sitemonitor plugin provides the build for a sitemonitor .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  null   query
truth:  null   null

test:  release a key from info response .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  release   remove
truth:  remove   data

test:  takes a dictionary that can be returned by the specified dictionary .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for flexible impact assessments .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  null   null
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  see that unified .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  validate   format
truth:  is   null

test:  displays the user and handles you try to execute the user if he .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  parse a query and convert it to a tuple .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   try
truth:  parse   parse

test:  call to results .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  to   factory
truth:  execute   a

test:  plots a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop the image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list installed perl modules .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  import and return *module_name* or local module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  module   a
truth:  import   import

test:  tests that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  retrieve the field type by the given model .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   field
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the lcm of a and b .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the vlan id for this vm .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the value in the sequence that match the given key in the list .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  search   find
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the tournament matrix of g .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  downloads the file from the given timestamp and returns a dict of tuples of objects .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  download   application
truth:  download   appstats

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  check the module metadata for the specified location .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  generate   replaces
truth:  assert   assert

test:  remove accentuation .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  dataset   null
truth:  s   s

test:  gets the requested tag of a person .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  name   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve a remote host from a remote host .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  concatenate   copies
truth:  files   files

test:  returns a dict of player data from the player .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  takes   attempt
truth:  parses   parses

test:  cotangent of newtons enables enables of the given prime .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  calculate   django
truth:  returns   a

test:  only return value if value is true .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the same value of the longest function .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   alias

test:  difference between two elements of a bit array .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  publish   max
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the available mechanism to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the rank of a given search .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a capabilities list from a capabilities list .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  parses   text
truth:  extract   a

test:  :func:pwnlib the unit unit unit via repository and return a dict of its dependencies .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  null   method

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  start : inclusive_or_expression .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  null   null
truth:  start   start

test:  disable paramiko from buffer .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  run   task
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  order   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  decorator to provide a function that requires exceptions when trying to have not in exceptions .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  call   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  adds indentation to the given object .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  create the volume from a volume .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  create   build
truth:  null   null

test:  return an iterator over the keys in the way hierarchy .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  look   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  coerce value to json .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  escapes   filter
truth:  return   a

test:  show if a single completion is installed .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  null   completion
truth:  null   completion

test:  helper function that returns an iterator over the pairs passed in .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  set prefixed prefixed and values from modules .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  disable   null

test:  this function takes a list of lists of dicts .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is run on fqdn .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  checks   error
truth:  check   check

test:  get a value for a group .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  create a replacement for randomly or #5835 x .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  sets the due date for a particular unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a valid linestyle pattern .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  test when used and run a monitor method .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   traincv
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  test io of further .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   helper
truth:  io   io

test:  accepts a key and a dictionary .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the raw signer .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update an existing users .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  computes the simple rpcserver basis for the given manipulationfunction .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  computes   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  inserting again will not cause any errors from the next iteration .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a valid tag .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  solve the matlab function to create the continuous transforms of observations .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  reduce   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a volume group by name or id .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  null   start
truth:  create   a

test:  this takes a list of descent the dna distribution that is a ctypes hash that mutual the compound_statement optimizer .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gauss-laguerre quadrature .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   size

test:  disable the named sysv service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   quota
truth:  disable   null

test:  return data for bookmark .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   changes
truth:  return   data

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to apply update_wrapper() to a decorator factory function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  register ovs plugin .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  iterate   url
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  raise an exception if the repository snapshot is not in the current working repository .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  profile   number
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  assert that the signal is saved .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  context   context

test:  send and send task to the master module .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  usage   null
truth:  run   run

test:  given a node .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  compile   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   volume
truth:  update   volume

test:  create a colorscale where each colors is a colorscale .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  get the areal path .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   decryption
truth:  get   get

test:  determine whether a date should be ignored .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a compiled attribute that implements the given list of functions .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  convert any object into a string .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  to   convert

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that imageidfield cannot be processed through a trivial value .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  test   bench
truth:  make   null

test:  returns the region code for a request .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  to   code
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a value .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return a list of users of the current user .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  get   list
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a manager for the given engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns true if file has a wrong file .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  to   one
truth:  compare   compare

test:  convert an object into an internal hash for native python objects .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  given the input line .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  package   handles
truth:  null   offsets

test:  load an extension extensions .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  return   load
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  function to return the list of times the list of times the current file names .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  int   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  the failure to fix the invalidate .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  rename   network
truth:  does   null

test:  main handler to install the new contents of the given request .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  handles   null
truth:  handle   a

test:  get a dask .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  builds   up
truth:  null   a

test:  fetch the gravatar email from a document .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  fetches   fetch
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the trimmed mean along the specified axis .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   network
truth:  returns   returns

test:  revoke the challenge .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  ensure   returns
truth:  revoke   null

test:  debugging since the debug level .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  log   exception
truth:  logs   a

test:  clears the cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate size for net .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  decorator that synchronizes a method or method lock .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  enhances the html page for videos .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  null   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate a measure matrix exponential using the lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   product
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a fake team of the create a fake team .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make plugin available .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   return
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  computes the absolute value of a and a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  true if the given class is a abstract node .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline programmer .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   point
truth:  point   point

test:  copying a set of paths relative to the provided directory .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  return   a

test:  callback that ensures that the setting of a setting has the expected settings .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  if   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates an oauthtoken and sets the token token and scopes from the given url .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  should use pivot .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  find   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts utf-8 strings into utf-8 encoded data .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  takes   commands
truth:  takes   null

test:  initializes the random value seed in the random order .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   init
truth:  initialize   null

test:  converts yaml sorting general solution to normal form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  splits kinds by kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  sort   json
truth:  null   null

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  if   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  helper function for attacks to get the list of ip addresses .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns random chars of whitespace characters .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  arrange the given service by sending it into the list of services that are registered by the current preferred services .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  if   tasks
truth:  null   null

test:  get the circle nodes from a circle .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  the string that is not built with some sympy text .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a string that defines the given string .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  input   input

test:  check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on the action used / referenced inside the rule .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  detect fallocate plugin parameters size : ctypes .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  verify   function
truth:  null   disk

test:  given a list of properties .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  displays the pages page .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  null   export
truth:  null   pages

test:  copy an archive into a temporary directory .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  copy   copy

test:  gets the list of working interfaces on the given ifname .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the external tree to xml set to a file .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  writes   lists
truth:  link   link

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a simple function to get the list of child objects from the current user .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   role

test:  create a new block with a use_gridspec key .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ping an entry when an entry is saved .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  export   time
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test installing from a wheel file .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  get a private sharejs node from the specified node and private key .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  format   format

test:  creates a new .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  create   django
truth:  function   function

test:  verify an rsa request .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  return the target dependencies of a target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  returns   advance
truth:  determine   null

test:  create the line number of the data .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test event class to ensure that dialog call to dataset is preserved to the layer of event .
truth: test event order . 
test:  deprecated   event
truth:  test   event

test:  for tidy .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  does   app
truth:  clean   up

test:  return a list of all hosts defined in the list of hosts .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  to   return
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  get all virtual_interfaces for instance with given instance and network .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the page class used for the given page .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if the image can resize it .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath as resource in dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the available co2 sensors .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  search for an tokenization of a given string with base base authentication .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  looks   searches
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  validate the current session .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  if   check
truth:  config   config

test:  auto-populate and returns failure of proxy proxyname .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  verify   up
truth:  create   create

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the first kind and its derivative .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  null   percentage
truth:  null   numbers

test:  convert a timeseries to a value for datastore storage .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  unpack a numpy integer from a file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  create a class object .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test updating a working copy when sudo and has sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  working   working
truth:  working   working

test:  append an extension token to a url .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  add   a
truth:  appends   appends

test:  ajax preview of preview .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  activate   preview
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in credits and credits .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   copyright
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  usage: {{ dictionary|at:key}} .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the name of a column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  get   texts
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  takes a bytes string and converts it to a python value .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  downloads the cache .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  returns   uses
truth:  finds   null

test:  translates an http url to a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  translate   url
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a blob from the cloud provider .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  create configuration percentage .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  creates   ldif
truth:  create   configuration

test:  start geonode .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  start   snapshots
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from opennebula concerning a named vm .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the hierarchical clustering of the tree .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   request
truth:  return   return

test:  this function is the first surface of the data .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  fft   fft

test:  dynamically create a class from a module .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  return the logarithm code for every solution .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  receives   get
truth:  if   check

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   helper
truth:  like   like

test:  this function is long as binary for python 2 .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  make   x
truth:  return   x

test:  resets the datastore structure and resets the datastore if you have a new one .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  set   build
truth:  performs   null

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  work   work
truth:  confirm   null

test:  sends the message to the next iteration change .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  expr   toggle
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  verify that latex file is in latex format .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  if   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  creates a diagonal array from the flattened input array .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the edge boundary of a directed graph and a directed graph g .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   open
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if url is running under running .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a fixed ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  fixed   a
truth:  get   a

test:  regression test for url ensures that the original config file can be blocked when config files with a .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   test

test:  compute polynomial division of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  test glir encoding .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  null   units
truth:  null   null

test:  check the worktree for the given worktree .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch the public key of a given repository .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get loops with a list of loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  get   get
truth:  loops   loops

test:  view function that allow confirmation of confirmation get .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  null   grade
truth:  view   view

test:  this overrides the text typed in a text step .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  null   text
truth:  convert   convert

test:  utility function to create a metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   return

test:  compute the l2 norm of f .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  helper function to switch an image to switch given observations .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  find   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  escape the list of variables which can be passed to include them .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  escape   set
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  list shortest paths between the list of node ids .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  compute   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  a decorator that allows you to dispatches a text/plain object .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  make   object
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  listen to create the given until it can be created .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given the possible list of local file .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  list   method
truth:  return   a

test:  get known btrfs formatted devices from uct cli example: .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  to   resume
truth:  known   get

test:  average directional movement index rating .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find the nearest parent of a node that is ignored by parent of the given node .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  grab only those files in the folder by the given test .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  provide   up
truth:  get   get

test:  return metadata from the provided instance .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  update email preferences for feedback feedback role .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  if   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  given a string and a list .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  split   a
truth:  separate   null

test:  returns a list of runner from the given module .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  elementwise hard-sigmoid function .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  function   sqlobjects
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that causes the decorated function into 'def{ .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  to   matching
truth:  return   a

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  work   runs
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the elements of the template variables .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  traverse   quote
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  del a lease .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  called   null

test:  get the absolute file from the filename .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get art art .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  function   implementation
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete page .
truth: user delete . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  converts an address string to a binary representation .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  converts   matching
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all available archive cli example: .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  create   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute content and the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  attaches   compute
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  read linking file if it exists on the file .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode string into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  generate a secure .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  safely finds the given path to the given path .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  link   link

test:  detects program .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  locate   file
truth:  find   find

test:  calculates the size of the human readable representation .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  chunks   environment
truth:  print   sizes

test:  generate a key cli example: .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the normal central moment of the lower distribution .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a res/templates which offers a temp directory to make testing fields as a valid interactive interactive .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  to   add
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a vector to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  write processing source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a number in bytes into a hex string .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  query whether or not the unix process is children .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  return   handle
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a videodescriptor srange list to host .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  converts   a

test:  tickets view .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  null   tickets
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  compresses and returns the result as a gzip string .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  print   data
truth:  return   return

test:  render the template_file .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  gaussian approximation to the basis function of *x* .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  ensures that a model yet with the overlap queue .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  attributes   obj
truth:  works   works

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a taxon version of python process .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  get   function
truth:  return   return

test:  converts the given reference from a list of zone objects to the symbol .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  check that the provided request is a whitelist whitelist .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  return a template string with the given template .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  renders   template
truth:  render   a

test:  setup the mqtt switches .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  set   try
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the last argument of a list of arguments .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test rl_beginning_of_line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   rl_beginning_of_line
truth:  test   test

test:  close all pending data from current device .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic custom epic custom epic counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return a locale in the current locale .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  resets   render
truth:  return   locale

test:  ensure that activations activations and produced encodes to a single model using a single layer of sequential activations .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  float   null
truth:  apply   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  load   works
truth:  null   null

test:  writes the string to a file .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  write   null
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get movie time from media player object .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return an object or a page to the given file .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  write   html

test:  compute the 2-dimensional longitude call for an x integer n x .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a list of all configured role cli example: .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   database

test:  wraps djangos forwards .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  null   task
truth:  load   data

test:  shut down the server and return a 6-tuple: .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  shuts   null

test:  check whether the filename matches the specified date .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   expression

test:  return a formatted diff between current package and original for a package in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  helpful dylib .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  load this state if the win_lgpo module exists in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  utility function that yields a single sentence with stats from the given lorem .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  adds an entry to a list of all the key_path methods for a given class .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  multiply the spherical value of the matrix by one .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  handle restful widgets .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  receives   widget
truth:  moving   handle

test:  return a sparse image of an image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  const : const field_type identifier .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  null   file
truth:  null   null

test:  safely delete the given directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a final element .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   convenience

test:  serialize an inventory dict to the temporary inventory .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  raft   widen
truth:  alteration   a

test:  print network to stdout .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  deletes files .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete an existing user .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  given a pandas .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  sets   time
truth:  converts   a

test:  kill a job .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  determine if the given word is the first m of illusion .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  write   null

test:  encode fetched to tacking .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   parameters
truth:  encode   bson

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  tests that download_file gives an reserved code for given reserved code .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  projects   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  validate the provided email to match the systems address .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  if   checks

test:  return true if the locate server is installed .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  list   return
truth:  test   configuration

test:  return the name of the strength based on the current figure .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  null   configures
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack an archive into an archive .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  update or create a quota resource by name .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  adds   access
truth:  update   volume

test:  to sleep timeouts to sleep until the machine sizes are currently sleep .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  list   gcode
truth:  displays   null

test:  groupmeans version of user-configured .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  return   guess
truth:  calculates   null

test:  pause a message .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  kill   waits
truth:  test   test

test:  executes the given configuration .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  compute norm of square function inplace .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  null   norm

test:  the decorated function which will return the output of the given pillar if the value is present and the default .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  look   interface
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set options value in options .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  function   set
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  converts a numpy array into a numpy array of 0s and converts it to a numpy array with numpy elements .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the current user if theyve is enabled .
truth: set g . 
test:  creates   manager
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a ubuntu container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   runs
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  flushes out running osf operations .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  return memory usage in bytes .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   memory
truth:  return   memory

test:  given an input string .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  function   code
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  set the given properties on a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  set   a
truth:  update   a

test:  mount the given location .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  mount   null
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generates the thumbnail for the given image .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the long description of the source file .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the value of the db type in the db .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   safety

test:  convert an object to a hex string .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  calculates   returns
truth:  convert   binary

test:  returns the representative letter dimension n .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  validates that the input dom and all node pairs from cost to a dominating dom .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  loads and returns the data for a given *func* .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  uploads   text
truth:  sample   sample

test:  returns a uniform distribution function that returns theano theano bogus in theano variables .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  time   mean
truth:  null   distribution

test:  serialize object and kwargs to json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline path .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the front value for a given image .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  download   download

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  time   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  indentation manager .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  add   formats
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a deferred that can create a connections from a given list of networks .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  return   method
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  inclusive_or_expression inclusive_or_expression .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  command   command
truth:  null   tools

test:  get all metadata from the database via parent shed .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   alternate
truth:  return   a

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  import   a

test:  test to create bayesian info dict .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  verify   box
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  boolean   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure expressions can produce integers .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  generate standard sample correlation matrix parameters ar : array_like sample data : array_like the number of observations df_modelwc : array_like sample sample from integer number of parameters including constant returns
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  if   standard
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove whitespace or remove whitespace from whitespace .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create a student by email .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  generate   email
truth:  enroll   a

test:  we add the current forum to the forum and some paginate setting .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   filter
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a relative url from a path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  default   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the list of the longest cosine cosine in the given list of word the last word .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if the command is a working command .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates column with parent from request after a language .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  update   parentfield
truth:  update   update

test:  return the elapsed time in a path .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   rss

test:  get source estimate .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  get   data
truth:  to   helper

test:  return all workflow namespaces .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  install a paypal function for or installed .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  null   info
truth:  require   conda

test:  a helper to set the locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  set   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  register an admin extension .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  register   extension

test:  time using _in_encoding / sent to a matrix .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  null   show
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  text   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  determines the file used to base from a file .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  does   find
truth:  if   check

test:  computes the auth mean and password .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  define   state
truth:  set   set

test:  checks whether the given string represents an ipv6 address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  counts the number of characters in a string .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  returns   strips
truth:  return   return

test:  reinstall ruby the ruby implementation of the ruby version .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  list   number
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validates that data is a valid python object .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sensors

test:  use this function for tests that use usage_keys as set .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  sets   control
truth:  track   track

test:  api to handle webhooks from github repository .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  scrub   sets
truth:  to   api

test:  return a list of the weighted choice of values from the given list of values .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  iterates   part
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   server
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  get sqs document for an ec2 instance .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  show user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  converts a numpy matrix to the qubit matrix .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  redirects   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return true if value is a boolean .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write the last element of a file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  save   null

test:  given a dictionary of parameters .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  load   a
truth:  look   null

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: dry specifies the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log build failures .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   pmd
truth:  null   null

test:  return what from lvm jail with jail jail cli example: .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  create   up
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform a sax parse of the _tostan parse the given file of the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system (same as os .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the score values from the courseware file .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  utility method to check that a string is not already installed .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert passed in list to tuples .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters for a source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  elementwise sin function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  return   drops
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  extracts a list of words from the given query .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  query   query

test:  return the plot .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   calculate
truth:  ask   null

test:  validates that the value of a validator value can be either a valid validator or a validator value .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  goes   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  execute   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get all non-deleted types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a small version of warnings that pauses pauses about their warning .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  log   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  filter a class to contain its input .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  wrap   a

test:  return the class name of the type .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get information about a cache node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  check for proxmox configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  add an auth auth url to the given url .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   auth

test:  validate the value of a token .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  check that a property in the graph is valid and that the plotly graph is out of a non-existent graph .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  parses   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  a linear transform function .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  shared   theano

test:  the entry tree when the given tree is a set of nodes in the order of the nodes .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  returns a dict of model categories that are in the given database .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   returns
truth:  seek   null

test:  escape & .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  null   square
truth:  computes   null

test:  send a return value from a port .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   send
truth:  return   data

test:  purge a value from the rest interface .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   return
truth:  purge   null

test:  remove all the users that have the given permission .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  if   return
truth:  separates   users

test:  test that the output from a checker file which should be skipped .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   roles
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to load a specific virtualserver .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  converts an object into a hash for debug .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a repository consisting of the current power7 .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  build   a
truth:  called   null

test:  generates the gauss-legendre quadrature [1]_ points .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute shortest path lengths between all nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a field path into a <xs:schema> model .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  take   a

test:  set the host for a specific host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  get   set
truth:  simulates   null

test:  create a new secgroup name of the new secgroup description name of the server to add secgroup description cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to detect if specified report are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  convert a long .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  null   price

test:  try to run all the dimensions of all the given image .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  function   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate n determines value of the given image .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   size

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   null
truth:  are   null

test:  a decorator that converts a function into a fuse case .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  make   function
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm service prompt section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  computes   setup
truth:  null   service

test:  adds an expression to shape on shape of expr .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  check   none
truth:  null   shape

test:  sample : prediction identifier .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  mean   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  return a page with data applicable .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  process cmd .
truth: map command . 
test:  run   show
truth:  command   command

test:  the context manager to send the cli cli tool .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  runs   entry
truth:  handle   irc

test:  create a tuple of sets of elements in selection .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  output   kernel
truth:  finds   null

test:  standard html .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  use the given vpc to find a list of tags .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract messages from a specific file .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   message

test:  ensure x values by name .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  create a multi-dimensional figure with the given axis .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get the list of available payload ids .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read a document of urls into a list of urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  changes   function
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the specified user preference for the specified user .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get text that may have been pager .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  writes   css
truth:  null   null

test:  return the line number by replacing some partitioned from the database .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   build
truth:  get   get

test:  raise a warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  whether file in file and b are identical by operating if both are positive .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the logging behavior of the given executable .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   create
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create a synchronization model .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  create   create
truth:  given   a

test:  the grammar when this function has been stopped .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  detect   importer
truth:  code   code

test:  list roles from a user .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  list   role
truth:  list   list

test:  return the users preferred locale .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  null   position
truth:  if   null

test:  test the correctness of the corrmat function .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   mean
truth:  test   test

test:  get the full path of a cached file by generating a binary file .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  get   version
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a single one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  place a place place an order by specified data .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  step   null
truth:  place   place

test:  detach the specified principal to the specified principal returns {attached: true} if the policy was not attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  given   null
truth:  detach   detach

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the enocean component .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  config   config

test:  class decorator that ensures that a class is qt into the actual class and square the decorated function .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a volume .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  a wrapper around lower case .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   copies
truth:  return   a

test:  get pull request from github .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  pull   request
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  dump the content of the provided content into the database .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  format   password
truth:  format   format

test:  initialize the websocket .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  modify   part
truth:  null   null

test:  makes sure as a list of volume names are present .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  change   create
truth:  null   multiple

test:  invoke the output of specified virtual machine cli example: .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  run   run
truth:  get   get

test:  return the unique id from a trace or none if it is unavailable .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  create or update unusable password .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  create   null
truth:  add   add

test:  compile a file into a single file .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  send   notification

test:  return information about a specific specific configuration cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   show
truth:  return   a

test:  updates the list of accepted .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  updates   add
truth:  update   update

test:  tries to call the exception on the input .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  this function takes a list of continuous elements of the tgrep2 search .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  always return a list of invalid values .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  extracts the output of the dataset from the dataset .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  reauthenticates a forgot password .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  empty -> str return the expression of a blaze expression .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  for a given path .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  gives   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  5: of many slices for the parent of the parent directories of the parent polygon .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  submit   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  create   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  execute a command .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  runs   system
truth:  execute   a

test:  return the cumulative stack size of a time object .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  used   function

test:  url existing use of the bond1 editor .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  select   test
truth:  tests   editor

test:  get the default google storage bucket name for the given bucket .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  create   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of the first mean of the request .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  mean   mean

test:  test reconstruction where reconstruction and and textview are the same .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   templates
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  writes the logging level to the terminal .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  log   uses
truth:  print   a

test:  compare two random inverse using dpss .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  null   null
truth:  induced   compute

test:  returns a list of 2 random helper function .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flip   a

test:  validates the secret parameters .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  performs   method
truth:  null   null

test:  attempts to determine if the given process is available .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  redirect comment acl to current comment .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  request   unit
truth:  adds   new

test:  converts an xls string to a standard filename .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or string-like .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  create a schema from the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  create   controller
truth:  creates   a

test:  search for a wsgi application .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  return the cumulative distribution function of the expression .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  limit   limit

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the server .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  to   prints
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick the disk driver driver name and determine the disk driver if they are available .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   pick

test:  ensure that its possible to combine explicit segments with a single segments fails .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  test   a
truth:  model   a

test:  set a key in dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  function   dictionary
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a linear label label object .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   image

test:  remove playlists lx playlist .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  files   use
truth:  delete   a

test:  setup redis pools for redis senders .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  starts   null

test:  force arg and converts to strings .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  split   a
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  provides the fields as a string that require the given fields .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  create   sample
truth:  returns   a

test:  documents the resource action of the given resource .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  returns the cache object for the given cache .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  return   everything
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the difference between two snapshots configuration name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a tuple of mapping that is a given mapping of explicit columns .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  like   a
truth:  split   split

test:  publish messages to a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  publish   messages

test:  the reader should not be ignored or the http text .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  text   span
truth:  if   a

test:  restores a config file to a destination zip zip .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  restores   a

test:  test the fit sample routine with ros .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a 2-tuple of the form pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  return   try
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  compute edge connectivity from a directed graph and h .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  null   digraph

test:  returns the support for the whenever data can be passed as a string .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a 410 status code .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  start   source
truth:  returns   a

test:  search for windows .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all available outlines .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  load a keyfile .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  load   return
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along with its histogram histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  checks if the user password is valid .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  check   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  download data in the current user .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  function   function
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if a checker looks like a checker .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  search   null
truth:  given   vpc

test:  loads config from a file .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  config   config
truth:  validates   validates

test:  send an error with full body to msgpack .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  validate   send
truth:  null   frame

test:  list all catalogs available for the given results .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  show the cassandra version of this cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  set   show
truth:  show   show

test:  monkey-patch the given document and return it .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  parse   load
truth:  find   find

test:  upgrade all packages to a setuptools .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  null   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  works   return
truth:  work   work

test:  creates a new dict mapping of the given key .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   config
truth:  index   index

test:  return the ipv6 binary representation of the given ipv6 address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  take   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  in which to check that a user is cron by copying copying a cron user .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  matching the hash of a custom cookie .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  view   null
truth:  verify   users

test:  print an error message followed by an indented stack trace .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets the value of a given field .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  parse   data

test:  gets the version string for the specified version .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  validates that the value from an url is a color or a string .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the list of identifiers that contain the specified error document identifiers .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  generate   multiple
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  header   model
truth:  model   model

test:  ensure the specified specific configuration is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  enable   enable

test:  deploy the application to the correct location .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  deploy   copies
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  return a dotted name given a global object name .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  log the output of the log file into log .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  save   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adds the current response to the vary response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  header   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  locate the given url to the given url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  generate   manager
truth:  opens   a

test:  wait for the login to see if the client is available .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  if   null
truth:  make   multiple

test:  retrieve metadata associated with the given image id .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  amazon threads of connections .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   connect
truth:  test   test

test:  recursively list all updates the modules names in the given environment .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   return

test:  read a reflog file .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a command line string arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  quotes   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the file has the filename to the database .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  file   check
truth:  adding   check

test:  compile a function and return a dict .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  given   a

test:  computes the distance between two boolean p2 .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  return   difference
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a general transform of f(x) .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  convert a value to a bcd value .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a random array that is composed of the specified size .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  fixed   null

test:  return the mixing matrix for the given attribute .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  null   tasks
truth:  compute   compute

test:  checks if the current multistring are present .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  look   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  compute the kernel of two rows .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  null   product

test:  takes a string and preserving the letter argument .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  return   text
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns a new free number for the given scsi devices .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the minkowski dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  demonstrate to make sure the systems unit was called out threading .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   python

test:  return the diff of .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  module   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  multi-dimensional convolve normal form .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  null   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  generate   list
truth:  list   list

test:  extract samples from a file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  to   a
truth:  read   data

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against column parameters nm : array-like returns contr : ndarray the loglikelihood statistic : ndarray .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  null   contrast

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  reverse the things that is things that isnt the travel and the current localfiles .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  clip   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple view that is protected from the user .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  view   calls
truth:  run   security

test:  convert a timestamp in iso 3339 to a datetime object .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  sets up the default app finalizers .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  start   manager
truth:  default   default

test:  forcibly -> babc encodes a string or unicode value to a bytes .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  determine the grade grade grade dashboard data for the given course .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate that value is a string or unicode .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  validate   helper
truth:  null   validator

test:  find all services cli example: .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  registers a mimetype on the given class .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  registers   back
truth:  register   a

test:  removes a matching containers from the defined process .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  time   remove
truth:  ensure   null

test:  getstatementrange -> old-style return the line number of synchronously .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  return   return
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  private function to check to see if a file exists .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  backup   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of dicts .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  visit   runs
truth:  print   print

test:  computes the stack .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a list from a user .
truth: get slug . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   slug

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students about the given csv .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the file: url from a url .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  erase   a
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds a set of sample ids to the given sample id to the across sample ids .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  sorts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the element attribute dictionary to the decimal .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  compute a computenode computenode to a specific computenode on a breadth-first entry .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  like   like

test:  set the contours to be used .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  set   function
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve instance type access by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   parameters
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  performs a mime_message check with the given name and block image .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  filter   returns
truth:  caches   caches

test:  find a service for a given service .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   queues
truth:  search   search

test:  separate top-level function or class with blank lines or cyclic lines with blank lines after class blank .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   null
truth:  separate   null

test:  l{deferred} l{deferred} .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  match   null
truth:  see   null

test:  compute the code for the delay cluster .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   null
truth:  contained   code

test:  create a private key from a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a compute node by id or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  tests the correlation diff for the case of the model .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  test   compare
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a used by the create a view to get a test template_name .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an unix timestamp into a datetime object .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  adds the specified headers to the vary response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  code   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  group a sequence of dictionaries by values into a single letter value .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a random game of the given number of colors .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a vlan lookup for the given ip .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the global options for this request .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that a given url is installed .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  converts a string to unicode .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  return   use
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the path to the control segment of the local server .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  this function will return a list of tuples used to support vectors: the keywords given .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  string   a
truth:  get   get

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  mock tests which use the decorated function to use the test .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator that converts a method into a orderedproduct .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  header   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  the main function .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  bytes   null
truth:  return   operation

test:  freeze and load the setuptools version from the rubygems location if it isnt already installed .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  if   download
truth:  return   a

test:  class decorator to set the class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  make   set
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieve all tasks and users from the given task .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  the fnpickle .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get the details from a packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the version of the network .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check message is a small function .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generates the route with the given route .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  deprecated   urls
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the similarity between the two strings where the two strings is equal to the current one .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list of tuples in a proposed list .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  reports   prints
truth:  testing   testing

test:  update an asset asset .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  solves a 1st order differential equations = homogeneous = homogeneous variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<dependent differential equations = homogeneous it = url" .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  used by unit tests to setup the global expressions .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  creates   null

test:  skip test if lms is set to true .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   use
truth:  run   run

test:  whether http response is handled by a http api .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the directly modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clean up the exposed for the given package .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  return   get
truth:  package   package

test:  return the information of the users groups to the enhance group .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create an initial array with the given type and dtype .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  inject language setting into frappe .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  create   name
truth:  translated   returns

test:  inverted hammer .
truth: advance block . 
test:  piercing   pattern
truth:  block   block

test:  test ensure_list_csv validation .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   cast
truth:  test   test

test:  explicitly add a list of modules to the given tree .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  install   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  write html file .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   sets
truth:  output   output

test:  get the list of supported file names .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  have   null

test:  wrap a separate template function .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  sign a string signature .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   function
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  retrieves single group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   up
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given an iterable of source strings .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  load   replace
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite cardinal interpolation interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  get the full path to stdout .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  function   function

test:  recursive helper for defining a list of tasks .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates a quota group cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns the full profile image .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   need
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the value of the users incrontab .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the cached localzone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain the uptime from the show show version output to obtain the show version from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 is a multiple of 0 .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   precision

test:  wrapper for memoizing tests that behaves as a wrapper for a method of a method .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  translate a shell-like pattern in a shell-like pattern .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return true if path is a python file containing unit double-decode .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  exit [<code>] exits twill .
truth: internal function . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  function   function

test:  read the value from the template string as a string .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  to   a
truth:  string   string

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   wrapper
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set a value to the make .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  value   value

test:  raises an exception if the supplied string is too long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  ensure that all import tests are available .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return information on the ssh block cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  unblock   a
truth:  block   a

test:  split the title and put it to the container .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  store   a
truth:  set   metadata

test:  gram-schmidt-like decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  null   change
truth:  null   w

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of complex paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the global warning into a pair of warnings objects .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  set   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  export all python modules to files .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  create   wrapper
truth:  export   export

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the filter .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  for each sample .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   image

test:  estimate the sum of squares along an axis .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the rpc .
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  restful crud widget .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  displays   context
truth:  render   a

test:  private function to list contents of a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list  l with size n  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  convert bytes in bytes to human classic representation .
truth: formats size . 
test:  display   a
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats a date as the time until that date .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  return a list of the quota devices .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  return   value
truth:  list   quotas

test:  start and receive packets at the end of the expansion of the given iteration .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  expand   equation
truth:  -   -

test:  check to see if the given string is a valid simple implementing factory function .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  to   null
truth:  check   google

test:  return the unicode representation of the given tuple .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  unicode   set
truth:  if   null

test:  update a value of redis options plot .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  list all available qos layers cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  return   reset
truth:  returns   a

test:  tool -> zeros .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  null   regression

test:  main function to update the nested object .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  runs   update
truth:  nested   update

test:  set the assignment for the cohort .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns the system of a vector field computed wrt the system of the given coordinate .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  subtract   create
truth:  check   check

test:  return the public certificates for use in configuring .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  get   multiple
truth:  get   get

test:  delete all media files associated with a given resource document .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  fixes   copies
truth:  store   store

test:  helper for c{nodeid} to approximate settings .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  construct   helper
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  test installing from local package .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  run a python stream based on the stream .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  to   run
truth:  to   method

test:  split the keyword arguments from the keyword .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  split   anything
truth:  split   a

test:  delete a security group from a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  given a list of possible possible node .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  if   null

test:  writes message to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  null   msg
truth:  output   a

test:  redirect to the given root .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance instance title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   vlm_media
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  merge the list into one 2-d tree with the given entries .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  return   up
truth:  merge   merge

test:  resolves an unlink_identity name by name and optional goes from a system .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  supplied   name
truth:  resolve   a

test:  return the unique file name for the specified file name .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  given a writer search .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  count   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  get vector3 path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  verifies that the specified cron job is absent for the specified user .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a frame object for the given frame from the given frame .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   a

test:  utility function to add iers to the final line .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  read the set of details from one of several options .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  used to gather the profiler path to the profiler .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  extracts   function
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  compute greatest factorial factorization of f and q .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  transform   compute
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the launchpad script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the portage tree .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   re
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  function that tests the users before k[t] and function .
truth: run some function . 
test:  sleep   decorator
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a native set to a python set .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  create   a

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  search the default ddir list for user idrac .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   system

test:  list floating ips .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  floating   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return the absolute path to data .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   path

test:  add a zone to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  add   add
truth:  bind   bind

test:  ensures that a message has been added; .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  disables the current thread .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  clear   stop
truth:  remove   remove

test:  automatically sends the login to the given settings .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  null   a

test:  removes the string remove from the right of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get craft output .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  craft   a

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  returns the float of the s sum of values .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  null   l2
truth:  sum   sum

test:  create an entity file generated by entity and gzip .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  selected   attempt
truth:  selected   null

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   update
truth:  allocated   update

test:  asynchronously retrieves the rpc token .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  create   calculate
truth:  allocates   null

test:  write the checkpoint checkpoint to the specified cluster file .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  create   a
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with gumbel distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a timeseries of list .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  returns a copy of the similarity value corresponding to the similarity value .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  null   loss
truth:  return   a

test:  return an aws connection for a service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch all volumes belonging to a consistency group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply the transpose of the expression tree by removing the vector of the chi-squared .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  find   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  retrieve all resources for a given list of resources .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  given   function
truth:  find   find

test:  tests for social plugin will return an derivatives ordering .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   descriptor
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient methods that should only have the pydoc attribute to a single function .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  converts   use
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  compute the attenuation of a csc/csr matrix .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  calculate   compute
truth:  labels   labels

test:  validate that ids in dict to check that all the keys are in dict .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a volume image cache entry .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  copies linear normal assumes x returns size .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write unsigned byte integer tag .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  remove a specific cluster .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the current local path for a local local local client .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  get   android
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as a decimal b .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  call the given command in a subprocess and returns its unicode string .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  write   null

test:  get iterator of columns from the given list of column names .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  takes   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  gets the filesystem archive that is configured as the first zip file .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  returns   module
truth:  generate   a

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  sort two strings in english of english .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   null
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements from an entry in the given string .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the block of a block scalar for a block .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns an volumes usage by time .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  retrieve   migrations
truth:  return   volumes

test:  return an discovery entry for the given category .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  cache   answers
truth:  run   run

test:  this function is the error function of minimum stack .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  determine   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the value with the appropriate expiration .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  text   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  escape single quotes from url .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  null   django
truth:  return   return

test:  look up an expression into a sympy expression .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors that will be called .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   null

test:  delete data for the display .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  ensure   delete
truth:  exposes   null

test:  create mapping file that explaining the sizes of specified sample file .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  approximate   table
truth:  applies   null

test:  attempts to parse the q plugin into a tuple .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  parse   column
truth:  null   null

test:  set the subnet name .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test the rtmockclient specificity implementation of ignored .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  estimate beta gradient with stochastic stochastic stochastic stochastic error handling .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  switch   part
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse hive-site configuration .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   imports
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return common path from path tone tone tone prefix .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove wsgi intercept intercept for a given host .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  attempts to add a message to the request using the info app .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  look for a file by looking for every log file .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator for checking if a user associated to the current session .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this function returns a set of length plus model .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compile and install the given and install tasks .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  compile   find
truth:  compile   compile

test:  cache the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that value is a positive string .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   optional

test:  returns a path of given mode .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  round   try
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an integer to a datetime or a string containing that date .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  string   value
truth:  converts   a

test:  set new video subtitle .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   new

test:  retrieve a project instance .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  project   translate
truth:  projects   projects

test:  check if the given filename matches any of the given patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  if   replacement
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to aws configservice :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  decode the given encoding using the given string .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decode   try
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates the list of certificates for the given course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  certificate   null
truth:  generating   start

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test that environmental works with non-prettified redirected terminal output and activate the result of it .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  echo   pylint
truth:  test   test

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  for each row .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  do   part
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  get the base directory for a base .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  prints sphinx versions .
truth: format sys . 
test:  return   return
truth:  format   sys

test:  instantiates an array and returns it .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  sending an image .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  handles   attempts
truth:  wrap   a

test:  compute the squared triangular binary number of numbers .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  takes   compute
truth:  given   null

test:  return true if the given version is available for the given epoch .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  check   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a directory on the master and can be set to a file or directory of this function .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  create   new
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure an option within specific option name the grain to remove .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  ensure   parses
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach the total points counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   null

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   hsl

test:  moves the location of the image .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  deletes   image

test:  helper function to publish an exploration with the given user_id .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  update   update
truth:  null   null

test:  return the list of differing differing .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  compute the kinetic function of the data .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a file name .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  generate   load
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the current default app for entering tests .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  context   set
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of the names of a given section .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  get   null
truth:  search   search

test:  check if the provided object is an instance of a generic generic variable .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  return   null
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download data from the network device .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  downloads   deserialize
truth:  null   device

test:  will load all the provided network .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  is   load
truth:  reads   a

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of the publicurl .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  create an rpc object for use with the app api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  attempt to set aws access key from aws script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  inverse of forrt .
truth: given data x . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  given   data

test:  container name or id cli example: .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  raises   click
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the top data that matches this call cli example: .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  run   get
truth:  run   run

test:  run the command to the key command .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  gets the channel handler for this process .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  signal   latitude
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  return the backup directory of the given certificate to a given directory .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  figure   figure

test:  makes the south representation of the file_name .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  start   version
truth:  initialize   null

test:  this block what was _n_models with a provided parameters .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  wait   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  extract a row from a json file .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  create   data
truth:  convert   json

test:  create the worker .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  print a list of all compute data for a baremetal node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  returns an primary key for the given value .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that allows you to be used with any of the decorated methods .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  null   up
truth:  test   test

test:  return the absolute path of the mean of the sample array .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  retrieves   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  check that respective respective data is found in course tree .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  notify   null
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the unitary .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function that wraps unicode arguments for use with virtualenv .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  call   str

test:  set the main entry point to the css file .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  decomposition user temperature and no slot for use with those or __unicode__ .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  color   op
truth:  defines   null

test:  get the type name of an object .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  utility function to get color objects from a string .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  query   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  create the default stuff for a file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the low-level ico object .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression minusminus .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  check to see if we can introspect a specific field .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  save the current exceptions and restart its title .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  return listening_ports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  etc_services   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the information needed for translating the given tempest .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  verify   starting
truth:  set   set

test:  get the mask value for a given mask or numpy value .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  mask   value
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check for an expresion file .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  count   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of response that supports data' and maybe maybe copy .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function to build the list of table ids .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  null   build
truth:  return   a

test:  convert percentage to ascii data .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  text   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether the given number is a valid number .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns true if the given network interface is filled out of the running totals .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  is   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for cli args .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  register   event

test:  get all the widgets assigned to the current user .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  prepare the sns data and set it to the device .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  access   a
truth:  get   wmt

test:  error handler for tests .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  null   error
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raises an error if fd is not a line .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  add   html
truth:  put   put

test:  return a generator of lists from gzip .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return a string with the current locale formatting .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list into a list of lists with the form commas .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  create an invariant for the specified mapping .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  push the process to the current directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  test that the command keys supplied as well as well as the current request .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this function replaces the text to be used for a stub showing the next line of a stub .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  null   color
truth:  null   part

test:  create a dictionary consisting for a provider .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  if the specified directory contains a tarball .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  to   up
truth:  create   a

test:  create and fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  returns the number of hqe objects in the query .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  builds a prepared .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  set the lower lower case .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  create   null
truth:  set   set

test:  decorate a function to stdout .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  does   null
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  run the designated process .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  run   metagenomeseqs
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  plot the yaxis and print the current image .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   show
truth:  plot   plot

test:  decorator to error if svd is true .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the salt probes from the network device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  logs   delete
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the base64 encoded encryption key .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  builds   customer

test:  clears caches from the local thread .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is not passed .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  value   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  create a random string of "length" characters .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  raise assertionerror if regex of regex are the same .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  retry func - retry function .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  to   null
truth:  restart   a

test:  return a list of all applicable tests .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a dotted path return the class name for the given dotted path .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu deconv functionality from nvidia .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  null   convolution
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete fibre channel zone manager drivers .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a constant or a constant .
truth: some functions . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   functions

test:  run the grammar on a specific tool .
truth: main program . 
test:  null   point
truth:  null   program

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  test optimized matrix exponential function .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the xy degree of a directed graph .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   node

test:  load the us configuration from the supplied package .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that the given string is a valid tax number .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  if   error
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the moebius-kantor tetrahedral graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the directory of the script that the given absolute path exists in the directory of the project .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the python implementation as a string .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that the highstate argument will be associated with the given percent .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   url

test:  check if obj is changed .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  obj   return
truth:  check   check

test:  main cpp cpp using the logarithm logarithm .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  null   standard
truth:  compute   compute

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  emulates   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  determines if a list has a sort: host-name .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this function converts a python value to a python version string .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  call   a
truth:  take   a

test:  splits a title into a list of lists .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  function   null
truth:  split   a

test:  convert a kroneckerdeltas expression into a nnf expression .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  convert   instance
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create the directory if it does not exist .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  create   null
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the organization .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  executes the terminal with the given parent of the given parent .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  given   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a generator to show the collection .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  determine   display
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if a csv file has a valid csv .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check for pyrax configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extract a token from an hd token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  create a http unwatch instance to identify identify using the given log .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  log   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compress body at given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   drops
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a list of element trees to a dict of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  outputs the contents of the block if the template tag is not escaped .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  add   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  validates a list of dictionaries or separated by passing to a single key .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   a

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to network-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  moves   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  loads the given image from the item and returns the autoencoder .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   item

test:  returns true/false whether or not the given package contains a specific atom .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a lock id .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  to   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract the latest version of the page .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test for classes that can be filled in a test suite .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  translate an application error to a datastore error .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   copies
truth:  translate   translate

test:  dynamically imports in the specified class .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  same as the rest framework using a function in a thread .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  store   a
truth:  run   a

test:  export a stats for a given request .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  export   export
truth:  stats   stats

test:  delete an image from the given name .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  python objects dont use json or json python objects .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   decoder

test:  convert a value that is true for the centers of a key .
truth: get opt . 
test:  convert   everything
truth:  get   opt

test:  disable an disinherit acl by name the name of the new module to be given .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  set   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert characters to integer .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  updates the task with reserved reserved .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this is mostly mostly coord to access a task or respective sample for api views that is used in .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  accept   accept

test:  n324 - enforce log .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  rq the worker to the users queue .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   date_time
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  code   code

test:  return the mirror name of the volume .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  function   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  same as int(ceil(float(x)/y)) .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  check   check

test:  only load if apf exists on the system .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  recalculate   scores
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert the values in a list to a list .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership restful crud controller - used by skill .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned into the service .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   method
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  build an offset from a date object .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if the specified xblock has a vertical port .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  updates the dmg makefile by the dmg makefile .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  return partition information cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   report
truth:  return   a

test:  create vbd and vdi from vm and vdi .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  identify the first valid format that can be used as an origin format for each class in the format to a model class .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  function   return
truth:  loop   loop

test:  look up the messages from page and return the messages whether it exists .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   handle
truth:  reduce   null

test:  lists all the thrift_library .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  output   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  counts the number of characters in the integer starting at the end of the string .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  count   null
truth:  null   method

test:  kill a pid by sending it to a signal .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all the dtypes dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  takes a list of dictionaries and converts it to a dictionary with optional values .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  python function .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a cluster options from a cluster .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  uses   need
truth:  obtain   a

test:  return a list of steps .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  usage: {{ field|render_with_errors }} field errors .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  returns   uses
truth:  return   return

test:  add func to the typemap for keystone .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   handler

test:  returns true if list is a list of lists .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address balongs to link-local multicast address space .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates an operation on a method .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  request   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a string of random characters .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  generate   child
truth:  generates   a

test:  return the slice and data slice for the given object .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  slice   slice

test:  adds an existing key to a url to the final url of the given key to the given key .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  generate   redirect
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  takes a batch of data .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  calls   text
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function is or recreate multiple tags of the cluster .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  stack   list
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  execute command in a subprocess .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   interface

test:  returns the url of the base domain .
truth: for example . 
test:  null   try
truth:  null   example

test:  given a data structure .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using "lazy" loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  return a list of all modules registered under a given root .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure that the email of os currently set .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  make   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  receiver to execute django .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  execute   a

test:  use new repository account to find all the users field in the database .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  get the mattermost options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a dataset .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the xpath namespaces from the container name api: .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  tests   function
truth:  split   split

test:  simultaneous simultaneous for drawing of channels .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  insert   calculate
truth:  get   row

test:  compute savgol filter .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  computes   servers
truth:  apply   a

test:  concatenate arrays horizontally .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  arrays   exponentiation
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  executes the error message from the given input cli example: .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  handles   wrapper
truth:  input   input

test:  return the link to the given url in the given site .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a raw image to a file protobuf image .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  function   function

