test:  bins the suite of a suite .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  reorders   compiles
truth:  reorders   suite

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  deprecated: this function makes the probes in the probes probes .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  updates   pulls
truth:  updates   null

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  attach total_watchers voters to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   collects
truth:  attach   count

test:  adds a list of theming to the locale locales .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   solve
truth:  add   settings

test:  guess a guess from a template .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  turn   arrive
truth:  turn   escape

test:  convert a path to a list of paths or a filesystem path .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  return an empty file path for a file .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  removes a rabbitmq policy from the user via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   stacking
truth:  get   grid

test:  get and write a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  capture a screenshot screenshot to a feature .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  run a vcs tool in the following order .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  request a entrance exam to be rescored as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   distributed
truth:  request   problems

test:  redefine this fixture to change the init config of test config .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  redefine   unlinks
truth:  redefine   fixture

test:  decorator to restrict invalidgitrepositoryerror caching .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  function that detects the date/time format for the string passed .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  copied   pulls
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  converts id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and/or a task id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the largest saturation of the graph g .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  iterates   increase
truth:  iterates   nodes

test:  return the current group of a user id cli example: .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  init   expand
truth:  init   permissions

test:  note: must be holding the wsdl flow to the wsdl input .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  set   located
truth:  set   method

test:  escape a byte string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  inner covariance matrix for white this is a wrapper around the activation .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  only succeed if the value contains the given value .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  find the indices of the indices of a dataset .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   restrict
truth:  finds   array

test:  disconnect from the database .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  disconnect   trivial
truth:  disconnect   connection

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  change returns: content of the file with docker line .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  fix   preload
truth:  fix   content

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a list of pair .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   results
truth:  split   keywords

test:  run a docker container .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  pulls   relies
truth:  pulls   logic

test:  generate a url string for a file .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  raise httperror if request contains any of the given exception .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  convert   populates
truth:  convert   params

test:  helper function that returns the number of timeslice in seconds .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  split estimator on a collection of values and train it to filter .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  executes a number of executes items between two individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  reverse the order of an expression .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  returns the number of splodge to object for an object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  multiply two elements of a mixcolumn with step .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  given a regular expression or a list of opmapentry strings or a matched formatted topic .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  build   shared
truth:  build   string

test:  this script uses native arguments to generate the inventory .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   tracing
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task time slot slot slot .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  start   mount
truth:  start   task

test:  gets the number of bootstrap actions from a bootstrap of the bootstrap .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  yields   declared
truth:  yields   samples

test:  returns an instance of messageids which have the same contactssample as the expected task manager .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  returns value of a given request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  retrieves   listen
truth:  retrieves   key

test:  define a bounded for the given type .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  defines   cause
truth:  defines   option

test:  get the network device .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   ayoung
truth:  check   base

test:  list haproxy servers .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  list   fold
truth:  list   backend

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   overlay
truth:  replace   func

test:  visit a directory of path .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  go   crop
truth:  go   directory

test:  return an md5 file hash from a specified file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  swap the case of the matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  swap   turn
truth:  swap   case

test:  this function is called to get a closure of the system .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  recover a user to recover the password of a user .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  compute norm of f and g of f .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  returns the nth standardized moment of a random expression i .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  correlation   associate
truth:  correlation   expressions

test:  get all volumes belonging to a backup by multiple volume .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  press the keyboard button for muting volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   follows
truth:  press   button

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   reuse
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  returns the string made of the possible pieces of a tgrep2 opcodes in the given predicate .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  test to ensure that the tests will be running when the user has been stopped .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  inject norm of difference between two ndarrays objects .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  compute   save
truth:  compute   euclidean

test:  return v1 with all items of d1 .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  given   leaves
truth:  given   dictionaries

test:  take the cached value passed into the settings .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  flips a sequence in bytes .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  this module has been moved to a v-measure .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  shuts   deallocate
truth:  shuts   worker

test:  use this for taking a single name .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  return an astroid string with namespace class .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  simplified   extract
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shut down the system delay : none gmails gmails the wait will be shut for the system .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   directed
truth:  shutdown   delay

test:  recursively sort random lists of iterable elements .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  sort   eliminates
truth:  sort   elements

test:  yaml: openshift-creator performs the equivalent of an oc create command invocation; this build step takes in the provided json or yaml text .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  setup sidebar .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  enable   enhance
truth:  enable   items

test:  generate a password for the alphabet to generate a deep url .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  return the absolute path to the provided pack path .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   hits
truth:  enable   filter

test:  wrap a method so it performs a false formatted errors out of the post errors .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  downloads a file from the proxy device .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  sets the global indentation level .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  return a list of all the python site-packages .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns true if the slug is a float .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   format
truth:  find   parameter

test:  create a security group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  the text before launching the first element of enum .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  turn   sparks
truth:  turn   number

test:  asserts that the specified object is currently being consumed by the specified list of tuples .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  convert set *obj* to a native set state object .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  convert   grab
truth:  convert   val

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  return the dominating dominating set of edges .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  finds   lstrip
truth:  finds   set

test:  remove the small objects with the given binary .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   tsv
truth:  remove   components

test:  this returns the redirect url for the given course that corresponds to the path .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  disable termination protection on a term cli example: .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  extract a list of season and tries to the path .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  set an in-memory window for windows window .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  calculates the hashable sequence from a sequence of sequences .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  create   reveal
truth:  create   sequence

test:  get a photometer module from the name of the root interface .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  return the letter coordinate of the given list of vector3s .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  add a confirms to the hadoop output of the provided hadoop .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  expected assignment_params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  returns a form for the given model .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  it would get the belongs folder path .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  determine   wanted
truth:  determine   filename

test:  remove all provided view groups from a metadata .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  delete   registering
truth:  delete   views

test:  check if specified port is a port .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  returns a shortest path lengths of predecessors .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  find   scans
truth:  find   pairs

test:  reads appstats records from file .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  make an elemwise elemwise spec .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  replace   emits
truth:  replace   definition

test:  returns the path to the complete config file .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return tenant auth about tenant .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  enqueue a new jobs with a jobs .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the email address for the given user .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  look   allocate
truth:  look   user

test:  return the normalized font object to the given module .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  create a legend on the specified ax .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  function   meet
truth:  function   legend

test:  replace the standard time to additionally in the gevent time .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  replace   support
truth:  replace   time

test:  print a list of all documents in a user .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   decreases
truth:  print   documents

test:  print a list of modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  header   converted
truth:  header   block

test:  returns a length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  load a pickle file from the file fname in a str .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  add to or create a new variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  remove   move
truth:  remove   latex

test:  display display for index based on index .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  display   emitting
truth:  display   character

test:  sets the jacobian .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  returns hardcoded with at least the first few hypot on the fitness of the fitness in rater corner .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  print out the errors in the status of this module .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  checks   capturing
truth:  checks   error

test:  compatibility wrapper for flag .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  default list used for the required_together cli example: .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  generates the title group of a group .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  get a regular expression for a file that contains a different data .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  traverse   crop
truth:  traverse   directory

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  generate all dependencies of the contexts plugin .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  compute   coupling
truth:  compute   target

test:  check if all exps is valid and if the collection is valid .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  testing that the quotes is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes and it .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  return a human-readable string that is valid for tasks .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  get   mount
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   registering
truth:  return   views

test:  this method is used to convert a timestamp to a str .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  returns a node ports of all the edges in a graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  get equation for cylindrical azimuth .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   looping
truth:  destroy   node

test:  pack a stream of o and return a dataset class instance .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  override   deflate
truth:  override   config

test:  convenience function for getting a build for a relative model .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  test uninstalling an editable package .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  simple sequences for a single vector .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  pulls   config
truth:  pulls   patterns

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  delete packages which were automatically installed as dependencies and are not required anymore .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  displays   downloading
truth:  displays   package

test:  wrap a complex polynomial with a ynm .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  sync returner modules from salt://_returners to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   pulls
truth:  sync   null

test:  wrap a message with traceback .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  pulls   skipped
truth:  pulls   use

test:  deserialize an email address from a twitter node if an email address is not in the unclaimed scope .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  view   port
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns a bool value for a given object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   controlled
truth:  returns   identifier

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  is we a change type this should be checked against the argument to a type of a string .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  creates a new database .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wrapper around options .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  convert list of all positional arguments .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  returns current locales direction .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  override   base64encodes
truth:  override   djangos

test:  show all users of the given files .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  iterate   sleep
truth:  iterate   files

test:  wrap a function or method in a callable .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the network network so it will pick up any changes .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live configure a screenshot build step requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:robot framework plugin <delivery+pipeline+plugin> .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  pulls   reorders
truth:  pulls   screenshot

test:  escape & .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  insert   flashes
truth:  insert   characters

test:  thunk to support tasks as a pickle string .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  return the value turned into the given type .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  generates a random ascii random string .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return a string for a list of python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  removes duplicated tests and all entities .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  returns documented items of a sequence .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  check whether a given url has a valid arithmetic operator .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  serializes a value to json .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  serializes   aliased
truth:  serializes   json

test:  build a show to test in the show .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  build   eliminating
truth:  build   cache

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  wait until a function has been changed .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   reported
truth:  wait   function

test:  get the xmodule urls that are in build files for the given pipeline .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  i send an email message .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  break   equalize
truth:  break   email

test:  read and return all templates for the given host .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager and client that an implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   reflect
truth:  build   testcase

test:  read graph in p2 format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   translated
truth:  read   g

test:  return the pre-generated and array-like a float .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  casts   transliterate
truth:  casts   variable

test:  context manager for setting the given output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a new network acl .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  replaces   inform
truth:  replaces   entry

test:  table that has a table colorless before lightness with colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  returns the docker value for a given kind .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  returns   subclass

test:  create a translated revision revision for the given locale .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  return   capitalizes
truth:  return   revision

test:  migrate admission facts if not already present in facts dict dict: the facts dict args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts : facts .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   identifies
truth:  apply   plugin

test:  test that when how to be set .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   exchanges
truth:  register   capabilities

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  mutation that pops or random element in the base_paths *individual* .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  adds   urlencode
truth:  adds   item

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  return the groebner basis for a given sequence of shape .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert non-central moments into os_vif lists of vector n times .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return dict where keys are the line numbers in the line string is a list of the line example .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  take   tend
truth:  take   chunk

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  returns true if the given content is the type of the html for the given content .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test an p_n restarting & hovering when the url starts at a widget .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  test   point
truth:  test   status

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  this method is called by the wan combination of a calendar in a equalization .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  persists   inserting
truth:  persists   calendar

test:  version of os .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  determine   storing
truth:  determine   template

test:  safely remove the files from the file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return the list of ntp and their netstat name .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a list of dicts of the top l10n a list of documents .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  returns   accepting
truth:  returns   e

test:  queries an existing query to an existing query .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  each row of arrays that are assigned to each element of the list of arrays .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  convert a list of tags into text .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  remove files and dirs from the beginning of a file .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  get sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   inputhook
truth:  get   sys

test:  convert a binary array into an int .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create a contents of a test from a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  update a template mapping .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  callback for writes a callback called to disk .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse time string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  writes a value to the given value .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the total browser web page .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  respond   assign
truth:  respond   requests

test:  get the device name of an bdm object .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns the number of entries in a passed sequence .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   confirmed
truth:  check   length

test:  get the list of available featured featured tag .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  retrieve   file
truth:  retrieve   rotation

test:  create a finite random variable representing a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  projects projects list of active tutorial .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  list   determine
truth:  list   projects

test:  users handler for zen mode .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  return a boolean value if the object provided implements the identity classifier .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  returns   utf-8
truth:  returns   argument

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  return a python function to be used for a distutils function .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode the given path into a list of words .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   define
truth:  encode   path

test:  zoom in and out of a single image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  zoom   pulls
truth:  zoom   null

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom video .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   restoring
truth:  set   data

test:  if request has a user .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get a list of available unit changes .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  lookup a collection of lists - apply our function to a description .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  this is a generator of object c{obj} .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  test optimized with invalid input color should be instantiated .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a dataset for a project with additional data .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  add   inhibit
truth:  add   label

test:  compact iterable to parameterize variational on dispay_name .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  return a copy of the given directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload the non-sqlite changes .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  pulls   process_memory_map
truth:  pulls   buffers

test:  return the first item of a sequence .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  tests that the random value behaves the same arguments as the same way .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   currents
truth:  test   state

test:  walk a package and return a list of fully-qualified files in the <path> .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  return the value that contains used in a job .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   execute
truth:  return   region

test:  load little-endian 32-bit integer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   standardizes
truth:  load   byte

test:  compute a full path statistics for a given compute .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   stopped
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   labeled
truth:  moves   file

test:  print a movie file in a movie .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  run   knapsack
truth:  run   request

test:  helper for "attrs" which can be used via logs .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  executes   reported
truth:  executes   function

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  unsubscribe from a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  stop   target_expressing
truth:  stop   question

test:  set the sql connection for the db .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  find   allocate
truth:  find   user

test:  restart the cluster in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   prettify
truth:  restart   process

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   wants
truth:  read   parts

test:  return the :class:oauth2provider for a service .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  is   files
truth:  is   check

test:  commits changes unless the system is not in managed transaction mode .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  perform a function over hold .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  return a list of all elements of a sequence .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  ensure that the topics and contributors are not in contributors .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   controls
truth:  ensure   ids

test:  checks admin users cannot access the admin site .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  tests   generate
truth:  tests   users

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  parse iso 8601 string in iso 8601 format .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  compute shortest path of a directed .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can steps as point but the scenario .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  convert various collection options to a collection .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  get   offset
truth:  get   parameters

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  convert a version string to a tuple of integers .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  convert roman to integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  days function for erfc parameters x : ndarray the layer number of 1 .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  the restful handler for postpay .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  receives   pulls
truth:  receives   null

test:  convert host to hex ips object as a hex address in not_before or none .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  convert   preloading
truth:  convert   host

test:  utility function to return a single command .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  return   modifies
truth:  return   cmd

test:  a view decorator that will mark a test as registered .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetch   switch
truth:  fetch   list

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   enroll
truth:  makes   iterator

test:  execute a command and return the output of the user .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  begin a new project .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   forgot
truth:  add   project

test:  check if required configuration is present .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  get inset by a quarter .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  convert a resource to the native package path .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   accepting
truth:  convert   e

test:  delete the contract file and delete a contract .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   sleep
truth:  update   files

test:  return sass sass that owns the given system .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   stats
truth:  return   dirs

test:  merge the lines of a line from an region-oblivious file .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return json object for given path or context .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns the correct key for a key .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  computes   listen
truth:  computes   key

test:  formats an otu map file into a sparse formatted map .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  list all automatic os installation in an editable os installation that os installation dictionary .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  is   bring
truth:  is   page

test:  return a list of the thumbnails for this file .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  import a dotted path path and return the attribute/class designated by the last name in the path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  takes   define
truth:  takes   path

test:  return true if the file system contains a crc32 .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  install a capability using dism args: source : the capability to install source : the capability to install source : the capability returns: bool: true if source : the capability
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   protects
truth:  install   args

test:  flip the image vertically .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   forwards
truth:  flip   image

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  returns the base name for a volume .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  search for all the python related files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   flip
truth:  search   python

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside cfrunloop .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  schedule   signs
truth:  schedule   display

test:  returns the emitting item for the course item or request headers .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  obtains   prompt
truth:  obtains   locator

test:  return true if the given header is a casava or false if we have a later .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  return disk usage statistics about the given path as a namedtuple including total .
truth: given a path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a list of known configuration keys .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_list .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   integrating
truth:  convert   scipy

test:  build the clonespec config spec .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  returns   simulate
truth:  returns   spec

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a gcode linear move file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  perform any experiments makepatch .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   supports
truth:  detects   text

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user member is logged in and is logged in staff member .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  attempts to parse the post-tag algorithm and verify the pipeline are defined .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  solves   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  solves   problem

test:  returns the module of the given module number .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  fetch   sparks
truth:  fetch   number

test:  fixture providing a commanddispatcher and test of valid registry .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  fixture   routing
truth:  fixture   registry

test:  return a list of objects for all attributes matching the given selector in the object .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  query   managed
truth:  query   bokeh

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  removes   aligns
truth:  removes   volume

test:  test if make_virtualenv replaces 3 broadcastable when only one of a node .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  download a check from a docker file and extract the content .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  is   spawns
truth:  is   endpoint

test:  checks to see if a file exists .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  function   labeled
truth:  function   file

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   sluggified
truth:  return   center

test:  assign a lhs operator to a number of f(g) .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  adds a value over 2 matrices along with a given shape .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve the selinux file metadata for a standard high] .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  flow   regressiont
truth:  flow   index

test:  return iterable? if all the files in a subdirectory .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   pulls
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture to return a valid context as known from a cookiecutter .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  pulls   resize
truth:  pulls   tls

test:  return the annotation argument passed in as the default type for a value .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  helper method to get a collection of collection from the collection .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   reallocation
truth:  split   collection

test:  get all defined networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   preprocess
truth:  return   networks

test:  check if a url is an link .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  flatten a list of list to be able to vehicle .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  takes   constant_expression_opt
truth:  takes   iterables

test:  setup the mqtt component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  initialize   msg
truth:  initialize   component

test:  set the virtual name for the module .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  rename   aliased
truth:  rename   json

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   small_stmts
truth:  scan   line

test:  test of ecg sti016 .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   specifies
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday - gets the first wordoftheday -- gets the wordoftheday .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  simple tiecorrect test of n-queens parameters arr : array .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  tie   invoked
truth:  tie   factor

test:  scan the status for a certain task id .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  returns   demos
truth:  returns   scan

test:  main entry point .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   simulating
truth:  text   input

test:  convert a path name to a dotted path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  create an identity id .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  return the resource of the node of all node pairs in ebunch using degree neighbors .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   regressiont
truth:  compute   index

test:  convenience function to repeat timer object and call timer method .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   avoid
truth:  function   timer

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  statistics statistics of a tree using a time .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  get the xml element by key .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  search for comparison of two objects .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compares   exposes
truth:  compares   values

test:  return the currently active plugin manager .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  obtain   encapsulate
truth:  obtain   instance

test:  calculate and return ipbase state .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  determine   loads
truth:  determine   changes

test:  apply function call to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  apply   enhance
truth:  apply   items

test:  get an parametrize job for a given target .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  create a new metadata in a csv file .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  given   flow
truth:  given   fields

test:  display a given display .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  displays   publish
truth:  displays   graph

test:  check if a group is valid .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  has   allocate
truth:  has   user

test:  manage the snmp traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   format_alignment
truth:  manage   authentication

test:  make sample table where each sample is found in the dict .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   bounds
truth:  make   table

test:  expected following compatible workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  displays   pulls
truth:  displays   null

test:  returns the class used for worker as a list of thingies .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  try to get a docker image from the image .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  exposes the decorated class of the settings .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the interpreted color function that corresponds to cubehelix .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  prepare the mutiple dpi for a single figure .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  signals to the node where all configured projects are deleted .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  filter   seek
truth:  filter   subscriptions

test:  create a new public stream based on the items of the elementnode dirs .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  spawn   takes
truth:  spawn   stream

test:  returns your web page .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  pulls   chop
truth:  pulls   owner

test:  add a password for the given password .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  verify that a discrete matches the given axis .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  check   interfacing
truth:  check   axes

test:  kill all the jobs that are present in the minion .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  return an openid request body .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  wait for a function to be a resource in the payment module .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  fire   rescales
truth:  fire   event

test:  returns the first width of the given width .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  pulls   stop
truth:  pulls   dots

test:  return a boolean value if the cpu is set and the version of this flags .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  check   switch
truth:  check   list

test:  computes the average circular loss algorithm that are in the inputs .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  weighted   negotiate
truth:  weighted   loss

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  determines if this module is an instance of the module .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the value of a resource from a document or a value .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  evaluates   shared
truth:  evaluates   string

test:  get and add an indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  deletes items from the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  deletes   enhance
truth:  deletes   items

test:  create a custom element in xml element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  add a rule to the postgres ip addr(s) list .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  try to get a validator byte string from a byte dict .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  return true if given stream is a valid json stream .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  translates a exception using the cinder method name -- the cinder .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  patch python 2 .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  deprecated   dumping
truth:  deprecated   patch

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  pulls   int
truth:  pulls   match

test:  helper function to retrieve http proxy settings .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  invalidate a hash for changes in the partitions hashes hashes file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   orthoganlize
truth:  invalidates   hash

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  extract input values from a false document .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  generates a collection to the datasets .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  compute the accuracy of a zero or more in the :ref:user window .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  delete a value from the command line .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  get the argument name list of a function .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  extract   format
truth:  extract   parameter

test:  returns the table in the db .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  save token into an existing token .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  stores   iterate
truth:  stores   auth

test:  return the current mode that is run in any vim .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  returns   created
truth:  returns   mode

test:  parse the response for a query response .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  given   install
truth:  given   response

test:  returns a text block as text in the form clean up the appropriate block name .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual match .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the description of a resources for a filesystem .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return the canonical form of the given iterator of attributes starting at the given position .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a given posix string to a pandas array .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  converts   canonicalized
truth:  converts   posix

test:  make sure symbols correctly converts symbols into valid symbols .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   associate
truth:  make   expressions

test:  create a figure axes with a 4 axes .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  pulls   pull
truth:  pulls   one

test:  load saved song song saved playlist .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  get a resource .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  return filename if filename is a framework .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  modify the autojump .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  prepend   emits
truth:  prepend   definition

test:  return the configuration observer in the given observer .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  get   launch
truth:  get   coordinates

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of all targets in the given set of unpacked unpacked .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   insert
truth:  returns   targets

test:  execute a single action on the given map/provider/instance cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   decrease
truth:  execute   action

test:  gets a list of projects for a list of projects .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  a function to check a cpu cpu .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the mac address in the provided network .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  returns a dict of old license titles .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  quote an argument for use in a url .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  delete a user from amazon .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   files
truth:  delete   check

test:  verifying the given response of rediss killed based on the given response .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  compile a table in the format string .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  function   insure
truth:  function   dataframe

test:  test a metaclass for *is models which indicate that a metaclass test poll .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create user id for a particular external id string .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  sets the process name .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  strip leading and trailing empty lines from v .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   port
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of longer-running jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  test   request
truth:  test   control

test:  redirect to custom form page with a custom auth request .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  row row algorithm to find the row in a correlation .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  collect docker-compose from docker-compose to run custom docker function .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   raising
truth:  create   docker

test:  return a constraint .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  reset   -
truth:  reset   mocks

test:  find the full path where a given file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  returns true if the given release has a release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  run {public: with tests in the jobs that use specification']self .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  uses   induce
truth:  uses   testing

test:  create a new folder inside the filesystem .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  helper function for : this test for something parameters resid : int number of observations observations of the sample virtual sample data for each sample correction : int number of
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  vectorized   pulls
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  returns a probable type for a resource type .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  return   stops
truth:  return   topic

test:  check whether the source and inside a inside some space .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  multi-dimensional slicing: slices is at least one with at a set of items in falcon order .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  pulls   store
truth:  pulls   memory

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  writeestr file as an writeestr file .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  asserts that a sequence of dictionaries are the same .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  asserts   svn
truth:  asserts   dicts

test:  returns maximum norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  iterate over all of the corpus and compound_statement .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  yields   compares
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 instance id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   center
truth:  get   ec2

test:  attach an event as status .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  register   initialized
truth:  register   notification

test:  list all users within the organization .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  return an absolute url for the href .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  make   saves
truth:  make   links

test:  parse the one-way getdents() of a lines in a dict .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  call a remote method with an exit code of arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a being a string .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  return a numeric part of a string .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  returns   part

test:  exception thrown in a wrapper around an exception object .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  dumps   shed
truth:  dumps   exception

test:  return true if linux command exists on the system cli example: .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   supports
truth:  decrypts   text

test:  calculate the sample for the standard error of the mean .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be the server .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  start   popen
truth:  start   reactor

test:  requested requested user information .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  a helper for the class that is either enum or an [xmlschema-2] datetime value .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  equivalent to a pickle file .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  setup logging for the script .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  restful crud controller - needed for person nb: on users in people .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  trims whitespace in a text .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  returns an approximation representing the normalized version of the second normalized with respect to the second kind .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  updates the locate database cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sends a notification event on a topic .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  sends   rescales
truth:  sends   event

test:  create a new triggerdb model db in the db given trigger_type definition as dict .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  single knowledge view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  converts a path name to a pathname .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  get the casts partitions of the integer n .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a boolean value if tool is an eliminate .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  determine   dotted
truth:  determine   relationship

test:  this script starts an ipv6 support for the provided command line preferred exceptions .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  display   sleep
truth:  display   files

test:  performs a get request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  create a mock template string with content type .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  test that the listall index matches the given product .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  configure the global settings to run the global database cli example: .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  show   embedded
truth:  show   example

test:  check to see if a device already exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  submit user barcodes .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submits   lstrip
truth:  submits   set

test:  difference a program object by object: .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  retrieves   responds
truth:  retrieves   database

test:  returns the value corresponding to a instance label .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns a service configuration for the specified api .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns a string of the current controller actions for the given kwargs .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  creates   shortens
truth:  creates   classes

test:  return a wrapper around decorators that calls decorators .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  pulls   parameter_type_list_opt
truth:  pulls   decorators

test:  handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a field .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  handle   compounded
truth:  handle   gcd

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  take   labeled
truth:  take   file

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  vectorized transpose on a diagonal operator .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  transposes   looking
truth:  transposes   operator

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  save dict .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  find all members that match the given criteria .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  solve a random expression for hyper .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  see   overlay
truth:  see   func

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  return   constrain
truth:  return   attribute

test:  return the name of the failure takes in the dictionary .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  convert   represent
truth:  convert   failure

test:  get the remote token to app engine public_key - sent to or remote server .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return the gaussian copytobuffer of x .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  decorator which exempts a function or method as a function .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  open a file using the given mode and return a mapping from that file .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  returns the path of the extension when using a cone environ .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  strip a list of files from a nonzero area in a directory .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  instantiate a server for ssl server .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  provides   located
truth:  provides   method

test:  get screen dependencies from the windows shell .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   windows

test:  runs all available updates returns: list: returns a dict with all available plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  run   interpolated
truth:  run   plugins

test:  returns an absolute path expansion of a movie with ~user and env var .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  expand   hanging
truth:  expand   variables

test:  returns true if discussions are cached and visible to the course that it is cached .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  generate the full alton command .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  returns object as a mapping of entity objects .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  make   executed
truth:  make   dictionary

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   r^2
truth:  returns   form

test:  create a wrapper to echo user out of a substring .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  outputs   pulls
truth:  outputs   null

test:  read raw data into a fif file .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a callback to a value for the section or a title .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  register   loads
truth:  register   changes

test:  return what happens based on the system as a list of --editable images .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  return the default currency setting for this profiles .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  use   pending
truth:  use   default

test:  return the status of a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  close all matplotlib matplotlib handlers .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  callback   discover
truth:  callback   closing

test:  return the status of a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  get list of available layout addresses from the server .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  connect   signs
truth:  connect   display

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object args: path: : the type of object copy: the dacl of object to the dacl before disabling inheritance
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  this function takes a decomposed dn as parameter and returns a single decomposed dn .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  decorator to make sure a function is running in a loader .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check the docinfo metadata stored in the project .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  inspect   post_save
truth:  inspect   metadata

test:  get the pool that includes the configured difference .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  fix functionality that should be able to be able to be able to skip tests .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  for resetting password change to password change in password .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   equalize
truth:  queues   email

test:  parse a file-like object from a file or stream .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   bump
truth:  parse   definitions

test:  assert that the tpotclassifier parameters outputs a fixed tpotclassifier function outputs .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  get application path to amazon storage auth .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the filename of the bucket contents and cache it .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  returns the string representing a signature in a word .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  multiply   tell
truth:  multiply   signature

test:  create upload url for post form .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  create   escaped
truth:  create   post

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  ensures   define
truth:  ensures   path

test:  will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits sucessfully .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   childnodes
truth:  update   timestamp

test:  copy descriptor to a descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   killed
truth:  adds   network

test:  update a task status .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   inverts
truth:  update   statuses

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  return the cumulative distribution function of a tensor .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  returns true if n is a selfridge parameters lucas : bool or false if no prp .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return true if the current desktop is running gtk .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  detect   pulls
truth:  detect   null

test:  helper method to create url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  efficiently compute vertex field .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   flattening
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  return the traffic server that should be stored in the minion .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  search   unquoting
truth:  search   environment

test:  return the url for the given url .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  generate   wants
truth:  generate   parts

test:  finder the first loaded package into the command line and the repository urls .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  give a list of page where the user can get the list of page where the view is not a list of page .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   outputs
truth:  give   pages

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  sets the libxml2 for the current thread .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  decorator that checks if a user has the named playable .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add a list of features to a yum-like list of features .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  add   handle
truth:  add   features

test:  test that the base file extension using the y store .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  bytes   extract
truth:  bytes   version

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   launching
truth:  paste   pipeline

test:  test %%prun with ipython special special special special special special special special special special special special special special special special special .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  a helper for defining float strings .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  pulls   making
truth:  pulls   float

test:  write a value to a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   bench
truth:  write   value

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  pulls   hold
truth:  pulls   oserror

test:  change unicode string embedded from inline inline code .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  filelink: calling all closed functions with an invalid column .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  test   skips
truth:  test   connections

test:  load a file from a transparently .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  returns true if the given gzip has a valid gzip .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the segment is intersecting inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  python program for notify .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  generate the ssh ssh key for the current request .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  return the sessions url of the webapp app the webapp url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  list all namespace that match a namespace .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  display the preface dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  allows user to check if necessary the given user from a follows .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  extract mac devices from /proc/net/tcp into object_list .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parse   scheduled
truth:  parse   hub

test:  constructs an object from a file-like object .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  decorator to create a test case of test case .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  calculate the indefinite integral of a binary plot .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return a boolean value based on whether or not the values passed is a string .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the str of the case of the given file .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the items of a given ostypes .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   autoreleased
truth:  list   types

test:  checks that condition is in the range of another basis .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   dictionary
truth:  check   condition

test:  return the negative loop in a loop .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  guess the first argument parsing nonoption method .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  given   rectify
truth:  given   parser

test:  return true if ~/viewfinder is running on the server cli example: .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  detects   batch
truth:  detects   code

test:  parses a str of numbers .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   inform
truth:  parses   entry

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  always predict .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  lt of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  return the flag argument with the value from the command argument .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  attach a response tool with config .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  attach   defines
truth:  attach   attributes

test:  gzip storing with data constant .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  return certs .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  time scaling of the representation of a sound stocenv: .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  reads and returns a list of buckets buckets the location to connect to .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  returns a category structure for the given category .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  merge extra dictionaries .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  remove the task for xblock xblock .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   polishing
truth:  removes   celery

test:  all available regions .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  tear   identifies
truth:  tear   plugin

test:  get all the nodes of the node with the given node .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  this function makes a png file from the specified file .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  returns the chordal graph of a chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  remove a makeopts variable return a dict containing the new value for variable:: {<variable>: {old: <old-value> .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  calculate the binary of cross-entropy of two distributions of a given target .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  computes   feed
truth:  computes   entropy

test:  convert the full matrix with constant coefficients .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  multiply   looking
truth:  multiply   operator

test:  read a filename from the file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  retrieve   batch
truth:  retrieve   code

test:  total crypto errors in a context .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   ssl
truth:  context   errors

test:  convert a zero indexed row and column cell cell reference to the required name in reverse notation .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  reset git to the path of the source files .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  resets   authenticates
truth:  resets   working

test:  dipole potential stable domain of an mpf process .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  pulls   partitioning
truth:  pulls   v

test:  test intl is accepted .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find a value of a given field or name in the query .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  finds   flattening
truth:  finds   field

test:  returns unity and the data for the given unity .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  returns   mutate
truth:  returns   column

test:  format the given number for human readable format .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  convert a numpy array to a array of boolean values .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  returns the configuration of the users on the device cli example: .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  pulls   loads
truth:  pulls   changes

test:  coerce the site organisation to the default site .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  configure   cut
truth:  configure   tab

test:  get the current idle idle .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  return   directed
truth:  return   delay

test:  handle lists/arrays of integers/bools as an ciphering certificate pyi_config .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  apply   colored
truth:  apply   operation

test:  the tuple_ of all items in the given router .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  calculate   supports
truth:  calculate   text

test:  return the series expansion of the implement hadamard .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  returns true if the python shell shell is an ipython shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  is   encapsulate
truth:  is   instance

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  extract   preload
truth:  extract   content

test:  task time slot slot slot page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  stop   mount
truth:  stop   task

test:  handle the subset of a subset of certificates in the request .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  add a color on the network .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  aes aes http fetcher .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  generates   standardizes
truth:  generates   byte

test:  get service account for an account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  check if a user can edit the given model .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return the number of billedopprotos for a year element .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  build   sanitizes
truth:  build   regex

test:  test the install and update the main logic .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  ensure   gzipped
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  constructs and passes the target to the target call .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse a c into .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   obfuscate
truth:  parse   tokens

test:  t loglikelihood given a stable tensor .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  make sure union of certain values are lists of the same .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  does   relies
truth:  does   logic

test:  get this up the first occurence of the other .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  convert two elements in a single network .
truth: two branches . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a configuration file and return a configuration object .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return method function object .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  calculates the circular variance of the data along the given axis .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  subtract an image of the local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator indicator in current tuple .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   categorize
truth:  return   read

test:  convert the subscripts count to a dict .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   collects
truth:  parses   count

test:  year -> int adds the number of microseconds which is positive to one year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  return   cie
truth:  return   predicate

test:  load manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  update   inputhook
truth:  update   sys

test:  render a value to a template .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  renders   escaped
truth:  renders   post

test:  list all of the available state modules in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  change the default group of the user and group id .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns true if num is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  test   reviewing
truth:  test   num

test:  get connection info on schema .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  determines if a datetime needs one of the provided name .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  gets a mnist relationship between two things .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   debugging
truth:  gets   dataset

test:  return the maximal clique of the graph the one of the graph g .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  raise assertionerror if f does not raise *exc* .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  determine   drops
truth:  determine   call

test:  return the number of n items of n .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  return a unicode object when applicable .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  ensure   utf-8
truth:  ensure   argument

test:  test reactive circles attributes .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   vcs
truth:  test   reactive

test:  enable masquerade on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  read and return the contents of a file in a single file .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  normalize the dotted document .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  normalizes   flow
truth:  normalizes   fields

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  sensible sensible ordering of 32-bits instances in a sensible root directory .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  flatten   solve
truth:  flatten   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images with 0 .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  set interactive mode of matplotlib .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  turn   created
truth:  turn   mode

test:  make human readable ipv4 address .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  make sure a symbol is set correctly .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   deployed
truth:  test   symbols

test:  helper that returns a subjects input into a subject subject .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  assemble   repeat
truth:  assemble   scaling

test:  find a mine of rounds that is on the other .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  get the float bearing of two values .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  cleanup an elasticsearch elasticsearch instruction .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  delete   filtered
truth:  delete   marker

test:  calculates the knn for knn of knn .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   cover
truth:  calculate   weight

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  reboot the domain of a particular user cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  parse a sqlite application :returns: list of application objects .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   looking
truth:  parse   operator

test:  given a torrent directory .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  copy   crop
truth:  copy   directory

test:  return the previous version of the chunk of a string .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask a user prompt .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  convert f into finite finite fields .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  sort the identity matrix n x n see yyyy-mm-ddthh:mm:ss .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  generate   sympy
truth:  generate   slice

test:  get the http context for the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return all exit device names cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  encode a pem string based on the given relationship .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  encode   small_stmts
truth:  encode   line

test:  return the string for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  execute a command .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  run   disconnecting
truth:  run   sudo

test:  asserts that the supplied count is an iterator of mail count .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  returns a suffix to the movie database .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  transform a url with authentication that have fixed relative url .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  write the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   reveal
truth:  pulls   sequence

test:  print the item returned by userservice when the process was generated .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  displays   urlencode
truth:  displays   item

test:  returns the human readable time string .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  given   support
truth:  given   time

test:  check if we get a skip path .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  modified   printed
truth:  modified   pattern

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   lets
truth:  select   handler

test:  another wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  pair a pair of f in a monomial .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  convert multiple codons strings into hex form .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  generate   sums
truth:  generate   expression

test:  computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  get root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  restful controller for organisation controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  tries to return an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   equalize
truth:  load   email

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   randomise
truth:  sending   message

test:  return the virtual memory memory as a namedtuple .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  create a stream for a stream .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  build   parameter_list
truth:  build   formatter

test:  insert a new point into the given pipeline based on the provided pipeline if true .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  find the tag for the node .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  shorten the line with strings .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  separate   looking
truth:  separate   operator

test:  helper method that returns a location of param .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  redirects   access
truth:  redirects   url

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  attempt to import a class by the given module path and return the resulting class .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return the pub connection to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  returns false if there is a readable blocks of the block that is found .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  return the default float type for the current default .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   caused
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a ticket for the specified package cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  submit a recaptcha challenge for the given recaptcha challenge .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  helper function for setting and returns an integer values of a modifier type .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  allows   offset
truth:  allows   parameters

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  summarize   simplifying
truth:  summarize   range

test:  returns the notes based on the given document .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  find   show
truth:  find   notes

test:  return all global-level defined by module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  enable or disable the context of a given thread .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the dte energy bridge sensor .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  given a sentence prime .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  computes   ban
truth:  computes   probability

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read a gpio input using the given port and port .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  set up a background variable with the expected value .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  running   assume
truth:  running   header

test:  get server groups of a given instance .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  gets   decide
truth:  gets   groups

test:  returns true if g is an threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   translated
truth:  returns   g

test:  fetch the icon for a given public icon .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  take   attempt
truth:  take   extension

test:  group the iterate of a stream by floating object by its id .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  stream   enhanced
truth:  stream   object

test:  this returns a single course in the process which have been created because of date includes .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  removes   prettify
truth:  removes   process

test:  returns the url for a given url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  bounce   access
truth:  bounce   url

test:  this will queries the media prefix for the given node prefix .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  remove the gh-pages dependencies .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  create   fail
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  get the docker client for a cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  open   unload
truth:  open   client

test:  parse an ipv6 address string into its component parts .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  given   press
truth:  given   hostname

test:  given an email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  determine   equalize
truth:  determine   email

test:  loads a certificate from amazon using the given certificate .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   detect
truth:  create   positions

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  if the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  return the text inputbox limit .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  returns an iterator over the source files .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  return the value of a key .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  return the score values from the submissions submissions .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   lambda
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   enhance
truth:  iterates   items

test:  decorator that specifies that the condition is false .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  reverse   pickles
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove mixing and treated from the system .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  ensure that diskcache .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  helper method for expects contents .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  registers an image function to save the frames of a multiframe format .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  computes the total for each of a and b to a tensor .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  pulls   targeting
truth:  pulls   backends

test:  find all the common roots in the tree .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  creates a disk from the given virtual machine .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  instantiates   stderr
truth:  instantiates   machine

test:  determine if the segment of the loops of the loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  converts the given value to a namespace id string .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  test that moto correctly fullfills a spot instance request .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  build the default mute for markdown .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  list   allocate
truth:  list   user

test:  get the current idle desktop .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   mimics
truth:  get   activation

test:  get the required funcs funcs that are available on the connecting driver .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  return   crack
truth:  return   _

test:  construct a streamreader to streamreader can be available in trust handlers .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  were   suspend
truth:  were   closure

test:  return the static index page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  rule : simple_stmt dimlist .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate nodes of a graph of ordering .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   concatenates
truth:  generate   ordering

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  list the virtual server table cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  copies the source to a new location .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clones   commit
truth:  clones   repository

test:  this is a shorthand for the subsequent builtin code is allowed to change the managed managed managed managed .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  manage   knapsack
truth:  manage   request

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper function that can be used to ensure that the parent sum of the input keys .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  return a unicode string of unicode characters .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  try   supports
truth:  try   text

test:  version of the system .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  check   prioritized
truth:  check   messages

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  exercise using junipers pyez to make changes to device in raw facts .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  this function checks if theres a * .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the gaussian correlation coefficient of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   express
truth:  computes   -

test:  allow the user to staff or staff username of the course .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  check   delayed
truth:  check   ipv6

test:  returns true if shape is a valid array with the same shape .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba error balanced .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the content for a given user_id .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the variable is a method in it .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  checks   looping
truth:  checks   node

test:  git backend should be able to install from sha names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  git   fold
truth:  git   backend

test:  authenticate using a new endpoint from a tenant .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return the dominating maximal dominating set of edges .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   pack
truth:  return   edge

test:  return an iterator match for all keys in the form of the given text .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  calculate the mosaic for the *m* of a image .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  make   indicating
truth:  make   images

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  replace all sequences of whitespace chars with a single string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return a list of installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a sql replacements for a local requirements .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  creates a openlabs notation on the local sql server .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  pulls   alteration
truth:  pulls   lambda

test:  test classification report with digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  returns the first n items in a multivariate polynomial f .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  retain media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  return true if the page is a valid page .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  modify a pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  create profile .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  adds   generate
truth:  adds   users

test:  truncates qual score according to nucleotide position qual_scores: dict of fasta labels .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  tests   centers
truth:  tests   labels

test:  get acceptable and return list of acceptable .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  saves a list to the given value .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  fetches the list of all items .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  converts a row from a flat row .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  test if one element is in the tree .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  pulls   retrieved
truth:  pulls   iteration

test:  cast a cython double complex to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  adds a route table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  replaces   bounds
truth:  replaces   table

test:  return none if an item in the environment variable which changes to be used as a dictionary .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns queue details of the / virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  return   enables
truth:  return   vhost

test:  validate process to be deleted .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  get the update requirements .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  checks   loads
truth:  checks   changes

test:  get the latest metric data for all images or definition2 and save .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  test   target_expressing
truth:  test   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  store the global configuration changes .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  executes   solve
truth:  executes   settings

test:  this function verify that the absolute path of the module are installed .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs range type successfully handles a range range .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   teardown
truth:  tests   type

test:  loads a batch of data .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  pulls   injects
truth:  pulls   utility

test:  parse an xml readable key .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   importing
truth:  parse   pem

test:  output all sql tables in the db .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  make   present
truth:  make   role

test:  download the latest latest artifacts from project .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   forced
truth:  download   artifacts

test:  decorator that is a scheduled task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  behaves   checkout
truth:  behaves   way

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  combine powers so that the parallel elements in the parallel document is wrapped in the parallel .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  join   increase
truth:  join   nodes

test:  return a string for an anonymous domain .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  create a mock for the given instance through the given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  wsgi entry point .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  check that named vm is available on the cloud server cli example: .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  vms   squared
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity for nodes u and value .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  returns   expanding
truth:  returns   connectivity

test:  initializes a new bootstrap signal .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a unique tree for a given terminal support .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  print a block of two instances of a block .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  dispatch a list of user .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  updates   remove
truth:  updates   history

test:  enable or disable the time since we can perform __init__ .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns a list of all available kernel modules cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  remove duplicate tuples from passed in passed .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  filter   ssl
truth:  filter   errors

test:  the inverse lookup voor should not change the models .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  return a list of all prune services cli example: .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  return all the enabled enabled features in the database .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a tensor with shared shape .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  creates   transliterate
truth:  creates   variable

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add x output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  reboot a running system cli example: .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   grouping
truth:  reboot   system

test:  check that the url is associated with a particular import url .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  wrap full full database cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  shows   shutdown
truth:  shows   tables

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  home a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   del
truth:  raft   gcode

test:  return the path to the python inc .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  returns a dict of the model to which the model class is to be reversed or return .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  function   widen
truth:  function   frontend

test:  returns true if the node has a blank node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   min_dist
truth:  add   collar

test:  computes difference of cyclic decomposition of cyclic .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  generalized correlation model:: theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  generalized   pushing
truth:  generalized   model

test:  output the json object describing a vm vm : string vm to be targeted info : string [uuid|alias|hostname] information about send send parameter cli example: .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  lookup   populating
truth:  lookup   info

test:  get the most recent versions of the sni-enabled in the users log .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  splits   define
truth:  splits   path

test:  parses a set symmetric union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   skip
truth:  parses   difference

test:  returns a humanized request .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  parse http files in list of pathitems as list of strings .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  this function finds the closest matches in the provided monocular to the bridge .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  get   detect
truth:  get   positions

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  unescape   flashes
truth:  unescape   characters

test:  returns context variables which use for the user .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  check to see if a folder exists .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  check   suggest
truth:  check   folder

test:  quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains blanks in double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  converts a caller function into a decorator decorates by other factories .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   reported
truth:  converts   function

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  run a patch .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  test that all wards routes are collected .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  pull account now .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  be   rebuilds
truth:  be   scheduler

test:  get an certificate of a certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get ancestor random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  returns the release date for the specified xblock .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  pack a net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure password is present in the password of the given host .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensures   terminate
truth:  ensures   password

test:  return a list of vertices for each element in a path .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  sample   algorithm
truth:  sample   points

test:  delete a configuration file from the datastore .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  calculate probability of fit for random probability distribution .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  model   pulls
truth:  model   null

test:  test introduced from a get seqs: file syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  run a full system upgrade refresh whether or not to refresh the package database before installing .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  close the cuda devices for the current thread .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  clears   mark
truth:  clears   contexts

test:  ensure that the base redirect to function works as expected .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns those multiproduct if only contains only multiproduct .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  commit a commit hash of the changes containing the source .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  generate the nudge feature matrix where the x and apply it to the specified dataset .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  produces   pulls
truth:  produces   null

test:  return a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a list of user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  starting   lambda
truth:  starting   django

test:  evaluate the multivariate cauchy estimator for svd .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  generates   contructs
truth:  generates   sample

test:  filter all students for a certificate .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  returns   saml_artifact
truth:  returns   students

test:  converts obj to its proper sql version .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  takes a string representing a list of strings in an empty list .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   were
truth:  get   property

test:  validates that value is an instance of type .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  returns a row from a row .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  pulls   domain
truth:  pulls   fetch

test:  retrieve a datastore blob from the blob_key .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  template   solve
truth:  template   settings

test:  return the matrix with constant coefficients for which x .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   switch
truth:  calculate   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  evaluate   sums
truth:  evaluate   expression

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   pulls
truth:  pack   null

test:  set discussions and configure cohorts for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group snapshot .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  commit any requirement cluster in cluster .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  commit   loads
truth:  commit   changes

test:  a generator function that extracts all messages of obj .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  load csv file and names from a numpy array .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  return the bcaddress bcaddress .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   carve
truth:  retrieves   word

test:  test group with a valueerror .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  errors   ssl
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test the answer that measures the answer .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  makes an object whose content is a string .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  pickle   pulls
truth:  pickle   null

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   algorithm
truth:  transform   points

test:  make a custom voxel onto a n-dimensional ras object .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   combine
truth:  make   transformation

test:  gets a neural about the hold .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a list of tokens or a stream of tokens relative to the current error matching * url .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  atom   disable
truth:  atom   |

test:  ensure that the parent directory for |path| exists .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  return a css gradient with the given css gradient .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   multiprocessing
truth:  create   css

test:  get strokeradius by key .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  returns form for the current form .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  loop that the drives loop of the stdin loop .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   forget
truth:  return   inverse

test:  returns the session object for the user .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  bitsource how many points fall within the same interface .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  produce   algorithm
truth:  produce   points

test:  simple test for bug that defines short bar .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   bench
truth:  forces   value

test:  takes a list of tuples .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  converts   divides
truth:  converts   matrices

test:  md5 hash of string hexdigest .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  using   communicate
truth:  using   md5

test:  decorator that causes a exceptions thrown by the received worker to be logged in .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  get the list of the locales that contain a dictionary of locales info .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   talking
truth:  get   dict

test:  restful crud controller - needed for the custom_report method .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  transpose a 2d array of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   described
truth:  applies   convolution

test:  returns a set of all plugins in the plugins that will be loaded .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  get   interpolated
truth:  get   plugins

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  move all or specified cover tilt .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  a convenience function that returns the timer in the processed font as having .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  to_device to_device .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  generate and return a collection map map .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  source: android mobile .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  recursively reorder the size of entries that are usually on the c{irenderable} .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  pulls   unescaped
truth:  pulls   entries

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  check if the key exists in the gpg of a gpg or not .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  return an element of f with a ground in k[x] .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   uncheck
truth:  subtract   element

test:  generate a random format on the master .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  select   enhance
truth:  select   items

test:  load a percentage of mnist data .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  return spectral ordering of an undirected graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  update detailed vote for a given user .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  store   wheter
truth:  store   existence

test:  administrator administrator administrator access before sending the user has been endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs an interactive python shell in a context of the application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   generating
truth:  runs   shell

test:  returns true if the ipv4 address is a valid netmask .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  loads admin folder in the admin folder .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  read   suggest
truth:  read   folder

test:  returns the path of a directory of the given template directory .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  calculate the log likelihood from a list of numbers .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   restoring
truth:  list   data

test:  check version of python library library is installed .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  randomly select a point of the sids driver and return the mutant .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  mutate   masking
truth:  mutate   strategy

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  returns true if data is a string to be included in the form of a list of characters separated by the characters of a string .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  detects   shared
truth:  detects   string

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   tear
truth:  logs   module

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  convert columns back to the appropriate column for a particular mixin column .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  align the main sentence of the given sentence .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  this view shows the list of all registered users .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  list   retrive
truth:  list   checks

test:  extract a regular generator from a corresponding cycle .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  extract   catch
truth:  extract   course

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if a number is a valid number in a region .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  determine   sparks
truth:  determine   number

test:  process a file from source to destination .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  merge   crop
truth:  merge   directory

test:  allows source pages page .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  creates the url for handlers that use library_keys as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  this function is a compatibility function for the first element in the kolmogorov .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   compile
truth:  decide   documentation

test:  potentially form of a binary form an object .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  provide case activity activity for the given owner .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  determine   rising
truth:  determine   group

test:  computes subresultant prs of f in k[x] using subresultant prs .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  resultant   suppose
truth:  resultant   algorithm

test:  expression : expression + expression | expression / expression | expression times expression | expression / expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns a trackinfo that is a mpd method that is never a mpd string of the given playlist .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   flattens
truth:  format   output

test:  checks if a value is an extension or a specific extension .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  enqueue function to be executed using args .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  return list of all unique elements from seq .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  generate a password hash containing ldap key see: encoding .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  convert a python function to a normal task .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  log and raise an error with a logical formatted message .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  performs the vigenere cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   sends
truth:  performs   encryption

test:  add instance_system_metadata info to the windows table .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   stores
truth:  add   name

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  get the network statistics of the system .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  import a file from the source location .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  imports   restoring
truth:  imports   data

test:  a decorator that modifies the docstring of the sphinx docstring .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  autogenerated   pulls
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  compute recompose paths between nodes with respect to n_samples .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  insert   divides
truth:  insert   matrices

test:  processes all files in path .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  loads   authenticated
truth:  loads   everything

test:  given an authentication provider .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  send a request from the database or itself .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  reshapes an input variable without copy .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   providing
truth:  reshapes   tensor

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   disconnects
truth:  find   dir

test:  agent edit .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of content of the given tree .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  takes   safe_octal
truth:  takes   class

test:  get a mounts file system path .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  convert s to int .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  add a schema containing spelling in a rpm/sla manner .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  adds   sleep
truth:  adds   files

test:  regression test for url ensures that tb ( exist when an exception is created .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  add charset for charset .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   backup
truth:  add   properties

test:  quit editor .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  class decorator for memoizing the declarative class to clean a declarative class .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  return a list of --branch projects that have permission to currently logged-in user .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   crack
truth:  parse   _

test:  shows the specified hint of the user .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get tox environment for display in the environment line arguments .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  get the text on an item .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  creates   expect
truth:  creates   body

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  returns a network field of the tenant field .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   chisquare
truth:  returns   tuples

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  converts a date in format to a unix date .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test collecting json files .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return a default catalogue backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  get   fold
truth:  get   backend

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  redirect user for id to the live .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  enter   pulls
truth:  enter   null

test:  update the scrapy configuration in the config file .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   scours
truth:  update   family

test:  returns true if were running a python source of a tool with the same arguments .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  test a table with corners .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  simple dedent formatter that also strips text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   supports
truth:  dedent   text

test:  return a list of network chapter where the network is the number of times .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   killed
truth:  dump   network

test:  returns {status 0/1 .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  return a set containing unique elements of given list items .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  check   exposes
truth:  check   values

test:  return true if the lines have the first word of the lines in the split line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   del
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   roundrobin
truth:  analyze   application

test:  get albuminfo objects for art that are being disabled by maxwidth .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   recommended
truth:  fetch   art

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  the power of the logistic function .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  task that adds an incoming message to the router .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  retrieve   compress
truth:  retrieve   db

test:  compute the trimmed sample standard deviation this function finds the sample standard deviation of given values .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  sort the values of all the longest of a dict with the same keys .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   blur
truth:  returns   ordereddict

test:  returns the rdm disk disk devices .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  gets   listen
truth:  gets   key

test:  returns a dict with the current configuration values .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  factor univariate polynomials over algebraic number fields .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  reboot host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  perform   decrease
truth:  perform   action

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   bounds
truth:  fill   table

test:  determine whether the user specified by the lti launch has an existing account .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  returns a function that given a set of representable arguments .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  evaluate expressions between two reduced expressions are identical .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  change   unescaped
truth:  change   entries

test:  ensure that the parent package is configurable .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  display a list of profiles that belong to a user .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return true if the given ip address is an ipython frontend .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  apply batch normalization on inputs using a given list of theano values .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if there is available for the current active site .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the effective router for a named router .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  validate that all ascii string is utf-8 .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  make sure that get_params is running in the system .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  returns   crack
truth:  returns   _

test:  limit content and a certain content of false .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  returns a list of the installed python implementation of pyenv .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return an objects digest of obj .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parse a date to a month .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  perform laplace thinning on an image of all zeros .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  turns a list of tokens or a list of the tokens - follows .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  send the remote request to a queue .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  load an photo from a template .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  send hm to an hm .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  return a tuple of all integer in python 2 .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   dereference
truth:  return   width

test:  a bash shell command .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  escape   learn
truth:  escape   quotes

test:  datetime is a timezone aware datetime or in a datetime .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return the gravatar size for an email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  gets   coefficients
truth:  gets   gravatar

test:  mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  creates a event with a phantomjs transaction that represents an http document .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  calculates the hex hex hex representation of a hex hex form .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  formats   gauss
truth:  formats   strings

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  import a custom scripts into one .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   refresh
truth:  import   scripts

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  display the preface dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  checks _make_increasing_ohlc() a header with locale errors .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   stubbed
truth:  checks   headers

test:  compare two 32-bit variables .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a decorator for marking the function .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   fonts
truth:  get   layer

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that have been decorated to skip because of a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  initialize streams for the given stream .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  convert python name into the stdlib name .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  converts   flattening
truth:  converts   field

test:  return the url for the public service .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ensure that the named bookmark name is absent name : string name of the service force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive function for the dataset is
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   referenced
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  convert a string to a value of whitespace .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the status code to display .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   confirmed
truth:  validates   length

test:  render a formset to a bootstrap layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   grep
truth:  render   formset

test:  wrapper for image_resize_image .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  detects config based on the configuration files .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  detect   deflate
truth:  detect   config

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  return true if %? maps .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  compare   kicks
truth:  compare   otu

test:  test that params to be running in a running params .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  allows templates to pass to depend on a django field .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  add   r^2
truth:  add   form

test:  show the documents of a sabnzbd file .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  handle   express
truth:  handle   -

test:  list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   frees
truth:  list   folders

test:  get all occurences of a uptime .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  wait for a topic method that returns something .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  invoke   located
truth:  invoke   method

test:  creates a new firewall cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   unescapes
truth:  creates   rule

test:  rollbacks the configuration of the users on the device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  commits   loads
truth:  commits   changes

test:  create a brocade specific volume_type .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  extract other connection objects from a pcap file .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  return a where the first argument lines are sorted in the first argument of the first argument .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the navigator .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  parse an integer packets of a packet .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  initialize   talk
truth:  initialize   packet

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  get   shed
truth:  get   exception

test:  converts rgb to hsv values on hsv scale .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  tests if an object is a valid type .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  list all filesystem available filesystem glob for the given filesystem .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  compute the optimal population matrix x parameters x : ndarray .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  make sure that a gem source is removed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  only load if the traffic server module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  set the network config or list of hosts .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  parse lists of a pdb file .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  returns   optdict
truth:  returns   lines

test:  validate an integer .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  yield file path .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  evaluate   ip
truth:  evaluate   paths

test:  returns last http error was thread .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator for disabling signals with argument validation .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  enable return whether or not an interface is enabled cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   embedded
truth:  enable   example

test:  get a logger for the program that owns the given logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  evaluate the expression value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  extract the images into a numpy array [index] .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  create a header property that calls the given reference as the bottom of the column .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  creates   accentuated
truth:  creates   getter

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a new job for the given job id to the job cache .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  store   bcaches
truth:  store   minions

test:  if there is a message .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  sending   exit
truth:  sending   handling

test:  returns all the available patterns in the given directory that match the given patterns directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  decorator for marking that might be cleaned up on the hook .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  return the gcd of f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  remove   corrupts
truth:  remove   terms

test:  equivalent of a file in the given file-like object or byte string .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  returns the reverse order primers in the primer dict .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  return   occur
truth:  return   barcodes

test:  return the hyperbolic mean of the normal distribution .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes the given entity .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  performs   activate
truth:  performs   delete

test:  register keystoneclient middleware options .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   forbid
truth:  register   options

test:  ensure that the -t methods are properly add .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   optimized
truth:  test   script

test:  return exception data from server .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  calculates the values for this parameter accepts the values in the most recent data for this pyfunction returns after the given values .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  infer   offset
truth:  infer   parameters

test:  finds a library that is a hg .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  find   walk
truth:  find   dirname

test:  a compiler decorator factory for id .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  helper function to check if the mailing is subclass of the email addresses may contain its email address .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  prevent   decoding
truth:  prevent   lists

test:  test items for mixin columns .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  when a process quits immediately .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  calling   reencrypt
truth:  calling   start

test:  this returns a raf of a descriptor object .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  file_input : file_input newline | ruleitem .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  function   controlled
truth:  function   identifier

test:  test that "asset_id" article? .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  return weakly connected components of g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  running a process .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  translate a given versions of all the known versions .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  validates that the rsa modules and optional modules to be valid .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   init
truth:  validate   modules

test:  convert value to a datetime if necessary .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  filter an email or signal field definition have already been saved .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  filter   maintain
truth:  filter   mail

test:  remove port bound to a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   receives
truth:  remove   port

test:  restores a restore file from the cloud stack .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restores   responds
truth:  restores   database

test:  can we can convert a solution when it is called .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  ensure   borrowed
truth:  ensure   instances

test:  save the registry cache in the database .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   eliminating
truth:  save   cache

test:  returns comp in hsp format for display .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  fill   launch
truth:  fill   coordinates

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a warning .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  convert the going going to rgb .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  creates   exhaust
truth:  creates   conversion

test:  plugin registration .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  uses   failing
truth:  uses   style

test:  return true if the given file name is an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  returns the database to use when the process is being performed or both match .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  helper function to generate the url of a url .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  transform   access
truth:  transform   url

test:  setup virtualenvs .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  exit code and exit with a status code and exit .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   plan
truth:  get   profile

test:  generate a list of non-masked statistic .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   proposed
truth:  generate   chain

test:  list all triggers that pertain to a specific location in the task .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  load certificate certificates for students access via course_key .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  request   pulls
truth:  request   null

test:  disable state function or sls addresses cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   broadcasted
truth:  disable   runs

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   offset
truth:  depending   parameters

test:  check the virtual service with the given protocol .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  returns a list of products for the threshold product of the list .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  multiplies   smooth
truth:  multiplies   vector

test:  override an object to the unpickle text .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  print tensorboard information for the specified parent .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  print   points
truth:  print   sub

test:  test that interpret_sents() is a json array .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   hsv
truth:  test   grammar

test:  get a file-like object of a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  resolve   define
truth:  resolve   path

test:  clears all of the database .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   binhexed
truth:  clear   tests

test:  get a unified diff of two arrays .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  set the default colormap to nipy and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  check cgconfig service is available on the host or perhaps systemd is used .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  repack xpi if needed .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  remove the directory .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  send pic .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure the named grafana queue is present .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  generate   printing
truth:  generate   locale

test:  main method for validating messages .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get hostname of a domain via acpi request or name cli example: .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  check the usage of the autotest_remote module .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  get a value from the database .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode by prefix .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error "hello": { "hi": 5 .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  attempts   restoring
truth:  attempts   data

test:  returns setting from a parsed config settings .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  get   lambda
truth:  get   django

test:  merge multiple keys from django keys using conventional plugin only .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  merge   review
truth:  merge   keys

test:  encode a string to unicode .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  takes   ensures
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse an argument and return a url .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  splits   ayoung
truth:  splits   base

test:  get the password nonce for a given nonce .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  get the def with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a release-group key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   rect
truth:  get   work

test:  disassociate all fixed ips by host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  check a command line utility payload in the original dictionary .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  checks   flattening
truth:  checks   field

test:  return the file descriptor to use as a string .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  write   parsefile
truth:  write   descriptor

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a key which is ordered by the root key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  extracts   intialize
truth:  extracts   root

test:  update scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  internal method to delete an course update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  delete   highlights
truth:  delete   update

test:  compute f**n in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  generate   indicate
truth:  generate   polynomial

test:  returns true if all lun id is available with the given host id .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the normalized file enclosed in list of strings .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  wrap a apigateway with the default arguments for the current column .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert a color to a native color cycle .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  history history .
truth: command history . 
test:  command   remove
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest end of the closest query after the end of the top-level node .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   mounted
truth:  returns   end

test:  parse a create_payloads map file into a list of *tr* .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  through the given image aspect with the smallest side .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  resize   indicating
truth:  resize   images

test:  return a timestamp which utc time from a timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test fit and sample routines with .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  check the input arguments .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  return an problem directory for caching files .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   cleave
truth:  return   providers

test:  validate a google app .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  return the leading coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  divide   imposes
truth:  divide   f

test:  detects if the event is configured by the user .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  endpoint   fitnesse
truth:  endpoint   events

test:  encode a packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  encodes   executed
truth:  encodes   dictionary

test:  returns a context associated with a service .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  the main view for changes .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  render   preload
truth:  render   content

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   sends
truth:  encrypts   encryption

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  checks for file in the given company .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  create a a open() to run a various pipeline .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  simulate   launching
truth:  simulate   pipeline

test:  return from env scheme where the first element in a encode episode .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the currently installed version of bottleneck .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  skip   pulls
truth:  skip   null

test:  return the outputs of the named axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the value of the given configuration .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  iterator   cause
truth:  iterator   option

test:  used to execute a test with a rs_tan application .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  generate the format of a tarball .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  makes sure that the absolute path is actually available .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  freezing   calculate
truth:  freezing   windows

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  return a sql query object populated the given expression .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  applies   sums
truth:  applies   expression

test:  returns all lambda function alias if not already exists .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns an expression for constant terms in constant shape .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  use   skipped
truth:  use   use

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  extract the zipfile from a given directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   updating
truth:  extract   archive

test:  return the correct path .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path of a resource object as a relative path object .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets the unit name of a unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return true if test store any of the given songs object in the set of songs .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  return a proxy for the ask system .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  returns true if g is a maximal matching in g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a new random blank character and bespoke .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  handle services for a service as defined in the handler .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  handle   chew
truth:  handle   service

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   unparsing
truth:  create   git

test:  converts a string to decimal format according to decimal format .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  performs a residual cartesian estimator of the standard error .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  use   broadcasted
truth:  use   runs

test:  calculate the distance between the angles and deprecating .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  order   pulls
truth:  order   null

test:  initialize the python interpreter .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  convert a time string to a tuple of date strings .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  store the item at the given array pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  store   urlencode
truth:  store   item

test:  train a restful crud model .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  list all available services .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return from file-like object only data in the given file .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  insert   restoring
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  get the current user uid uid cli example: .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns a list of unique paths of parent .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  return   reallocation
truth:  return   collection

test:  context manager that creates a temporary file and returns an encoder .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns system info from db .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce test of the paired algorithm .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  call the given format and return a bytearray .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  return a named groups with corresponding quotes and put it into the filter dict .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  check if the mailgun webhook is valid .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handler to handle customer .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get the latest url for the user .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  return   documentation

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  discard   unescaped
truth:  discard   entries

test:  parse a config string for a glob issue .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  both the indices of a given expression .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  permutes   sparsedataset
truth:  permutes   indices

test:  returns a set of cookies from a list of cookies .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  add   unenroll
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a the .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  return a sorted list of commands .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  update a corresponding to an post@login .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  skip a test if config is true .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  raise   freezing
truth:  raise   configuration

test:  encodes a base64 encoded value to a slug .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   compresses
truth:  find   statement

test:  save signal after user sends .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  check   matches
truth:  check   misc

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  validates basic filters for all installed filters .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  validate   obj
truth:  validate   filters

test:  no window function; simply return x .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a function that coerces integral lowercased on a preferred integer .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  convert   making
truth:  convert   float

test:  accepts a mode string and returns the mode counts .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  used to session information .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  regression test for url .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  deletes a specified security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   rising
truth:  deletes   group

test:  simple operators .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  defines some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   translates
truth:  defines   flags

test:  decorate axes for a time series or a given axes .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  initialize   support
truth:  initialize   time

test:  safely remove the files from the file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  renders a template at the given path with the given dict of values .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  this function is called right .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  checks   operate
truth:  checks   h

test:  recursively yield a list of all available updates in the given command .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   intialize
truth:  scan   root

test:  simulates gitlab-merge-request .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  cache   step
truth:  cache   names

test:  retrieve the fully qualified arguments by the current locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  call this instead of django .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  determine the imports of all random values in the inline .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  return   proxying
truth:  return   assets

test:  a generator to get the first element of a callable .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  test reading a data set of data values and normal table which can be .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns the min cost of a network .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  find   runs
truth:  find   cost

test:  convert an ip address string to an ip number as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  append a text to the given period of the given text .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  append   standardises
truth:  append   period

test:  get the index of the first element in the list a .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   bench
truth:  locate   value

test:  closes all svn review requests for the google review request .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  parse a template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  return pick pick a list of lists .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   vectorized
truth:  check   webapp

test:  return for os pattern matching the given path .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  apply migrations for provider facts args: provider : provider facts : facts returns: dict: the normalized provider facts .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   object
truth:  apply   facts

test:  initialize the rate .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  move a host to a sparse matrix .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   preloading
truth:  move   host

test:  test the behavior of --uptodate --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   switch
truth:  test   list

test:  a version of the format type for the given format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get all the locales stored in the config .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load this module if the gluster module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  home a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  add a new advanced component .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  convert all elevation in degrees of elevation into the forward circle of the elevation in degrees .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return a dict of the keys of c{d} .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  create a track object from an echo track track track less than metadata .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get float by prefix .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  generator that creates an entity into a datastore .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  tests a implementation of levenshtein implementation .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  test that c++ quadrature memory true_params now .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 installed .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  pulls   totodiles
truth:  pulls   machines

test:  helper function to define an xml passed to the textual xml file either of the chosen xml passed .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  returns dataframe .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  convert   insure
truth:  convert   dataframe

test:  return the url to the git for the given package .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  return a random string where each line is a method .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  generate   customized
truth:  generate   salt

test:  checks if rar is in the same version as the rar module .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  generate a primary key for a sequence of keys .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  calculate   orthoganlize
truth:  calculate   hash

test:  returns the pivoted of a ospfv3 ospfv3 ospfv3 binary form in the "locales" form of a simple form .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  compute   sqlmap
truth:  compute   limit

test:  find the ancestor of a person entity .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the seuclidean distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  return the fingerprint of the masters public key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  colorize text .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  pulls   detects
truth:  pulls   color

test:  round value1 to the given precision using the given precision .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  send an email to a notification notification dict .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  email   allocate
truth:  email   user

test:  return fatal part of given chunks .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  convert the value of a permutations runs with the specified arguments .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of gettext tags to a flat rule .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  pulls   tag
truth:  pulls   gettext

test:  get the list of the available configuration files in the specified store .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  get   mark
truth:  get   contexts

test:  registers optimizers excel in the db .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  adds   mixed
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  do-nothing debug action .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send message to the notification backends for the given notification backends .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   targeting
truth:  send   backends

test:  get an endpoint that serves from a given certificate and a description .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  restores an deprecated state when passed an previous state was returned .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   currents
truth:  restores   state

test:  return the path to the cola binary for this layer .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  return the pid of the given target .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  create and return a mock instance for the given target .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   splodge
truth:  returns   keyczar

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  get loop rotated from app .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  uses list of nodes .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  flatten   looping
truth:  flatten   node

test:  tries to find out of a file descriptor in path .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  if the user has permission to access this page .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  remove a host from the task .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   grouping
truth:  remove   system

test:  decode crypto meta from the supplied value .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  parse command line arguments .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  returns the number of the elements a number that is the same number .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  read all per sff files to directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  return   wheather
truth:  return   library

test:  convert dotted ipv4 address to integer .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  callback decorator to require http basic auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   forget
truth:  evaluates   inverse

test:  given a list of lists .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  given   decoding
truth:  given   lists

test:  get a datetime object of time in the epoch .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  returns   zone

test:  test the xonsh user .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  push   aff4_type
truth:  push   share

test:  get the users that provide a vcenter .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  return   skipped
truth:  return   use

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   renders
truth:  get   series

test:  calculates the z scores of each value in the sample .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   named
truth:  calculates   z

test:  returns a list of all user partitions in the course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  returns   rotated
truth:  returns   partition

test:  create an entry to gather entry into the specified name .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  sort   inform
truth:  sort   entry

test:  solves an order linear differential equation with 1st linear differential equation .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns a generic weighted graph b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  weighted   collecting
truth:  weighted   b

test:  load a pil image of pil .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  creates   fileformat
truth:  creates   self

test:  add the users in the cache .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  invalidates   eliminating
truth:  invalidates   cache

test:  get an album candidates for an album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  search   decorate
truth:  search   matches

test:  convert the date into a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  checks   smooth
truth:  checks   vector

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  fetches a list of all networks on server side cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  remove the logs .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  set the raw .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   decides
truth:  verify   sha1

test:  loads a check and send places into the check specific check .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  find   files
truth:  find   check

test:  copy a sample file from the desired source to a destination tool .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a variable which matches the required code for a symbol .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return the cache directory of the project .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   widening
truth:  set   location

test:  return whether the user can view the given username .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  determine   wrapped
truth:  determine   permission

test:  returns all media files of a provided resource id .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  embed   sleep
truth:  embed   files

test:  delete a document from a deletes document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  show current user from gevent backend .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  disconnects   pulls
truth:  disconnects   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  generator to loop .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  print   stop
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: objtag checks if access_objs is none .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that setting overlapping overlapping reports .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   doing
truth:  test   annotations

test:  return the path of the certificate to the vcenter command .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  returns a byte string .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  convert a target/ident/fn result to a stream of place .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  convert an integer in a human readable form into a human readable form .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  translates   hover
truth:  translates   bytes

test:  clears internal cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clean   b1
truth:  clean   translations

test:  coerce value to a datetime .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  split estimator on value using the instance_id_mappings function .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  parses keyword arguments of the form a list of strings .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  deregister a check using the given module .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  removes   files
truth:  removes   check

test:  check if c is being used .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  run a command to write output to a file .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  return true or false if page is a valid book .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  returns the default vlc .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  updates a postgres user .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  constructs an instance of the comments/list from keyword arguments .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  translate   restoring
truth:  translate   data

test:  return the ip address for the host .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  require a user be deleted with an unexpected implementation .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  ensures   assign
truth:  ensures   requests

test:  return the current configuration object for the specified dev .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  set the testtools exception if the other warnings passed in the other module is not already supported .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  raises   trivial
truth:  raises   connection

test:  return the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  create an instance of the gax publisher api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  load models from noargs .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  load   responds
truth:  load   database

test:  compute linear linear solution for the data .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  create   decrypt
truth:  create   solution

test:  convert image to four format .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  find the attribute for the type of a given attribute .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  extract   mutate
truth:  extract   column

test:  update the rule time zone as active for a particular module .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  join   overrides
truth:  join   channel

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  push the creation block to the specified block in the request .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  open   converted
truth:  open   block

test:  synthesis of a sps using the harmonic plus stochastic model size .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  pulls   reconstitute
truth:  pulls   sound

test:  parses a bytes to a multiplier .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  get lists of a users account cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  the sigmoid function .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  uninstall a plugin from the given plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstalls   identifies
truth:  uninstalls   plugin

test:  returns an undirected spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  issue a warning .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  returns the first selected nodes in the given node .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  create a pants setup for the given setup .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake participant .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  create a service that will be attached to the given service description returns true if it will be enabled and false .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return a list of all epsilon for a given state .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   stacks
truth:  return   states

test:  return a list of azs objects describing all visible groups .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  compute heights names .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  computes   restrict
truth:  computes   array

test:  set the stubs .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  send an exception or a missing request .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  called by unit tests when the proxy starts up .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  take   flattens
truth:  take   output

test:  stringify utc time in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  time   shared
truth:  time   string

test:  create a group policy .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  convert the list of topn into the sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  purge all files of the given expression .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  delete   disconnects
truth:  delete   dir

test:  print a tree of all the tree of a node when changing a slice tree .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   djangos
truth:  print   indentation

test:  clean out a cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  tab test .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  is   turn
truth:  is   case

test:  only work on utilityonlyworkson systems with utilityonlyworkson .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  load   encode
truth:  load   mac

test:  make sure the basics of the importer work in the basics tests .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  run all synthetic classpath in the jvm jar .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  executes   initializes
truth:  executes   program

test:  install a package descriptor to be eval() using subprocess .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   lets
truth:  install   handler

test:  parse a channel mode string .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  remove the same sockets from the socket .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  cleanup   unquoting
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw a random graph with a random layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  convert a string argument to a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return a version tuple .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  formats a task eta as a string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the unicode text from a bytestring or unicode string .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   evacuate
truth:  get   precision

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  test x10 address validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  create a path from the default dictionary .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  returns a new wsgi app as a dict .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an executable path .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  derive   define
truth:  derive   path

test:  register a plugin and dispatch functions to an alternative plugin .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  verify that the line has line been added in a line .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  gets a cooked path -- a list of .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  index of lowest value over a specified period .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  return a numpy array with the given shape and seed for de with the same shape as the same shape .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   temperature
truth:  parses   date

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  returns a json representation of the provided data .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   extract
truth:  encode   version

test:  skipping wiskott use this decorator to skip some of the data .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  verify that the element with the passed name exists .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  verify   flow
truth:  verify   fields

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  checks if changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  test   forms
truth:  test   result

test:  invert a invert graph into a set of values .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  inverts   publish
truth:  inverts   graph

test:  remove the session key from the passed request .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  removes   exposes
truth:  removes   values

test:  returns true if the compressor file can detect the file from the given fileobj .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  return   unpatch
truth:  return   matching

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  parse the options from the command line arguments .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  returns the gender for a given word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  test when a file has a url .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  set up a set of strings to crash set in the locale .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  set   guess
truth:  set   vars

test:  set or delete metadata on the image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   post_save
truth:  set   metadata

test:  convert a numpy array to the sympy interface .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  create a authentication digest for a given acl .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  return details .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  raises an exception if a specific header has any errors .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   stubbed
truth:  check   headers

test:  returns a parsed config object for a specific config .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  returns the default foreign namespace .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  generate the router for control am am .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   prepares
truth:  loads   router

test:  handle legacy client errors that the exits report when this process is created .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  helper function to check if the path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete all the form of the given list of dicts .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  alternative implementation to be triggered when next_url? .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a dict of active config values cli example: .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  report   poll
truth:  report   versions

test:  creates a dict of the regex that match the regex .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate a list of zero based on the number of bytes .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  pad   summarize
truth:  pad   zeros

test:  this function is md5 name" .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  format blocks of one or more blocks .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  pulls   multivariate
truth:  pulls   blocks

test:  load config file and return a dictionary .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a pretty dict with keys of the provided document converted to the current value of the image .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  pulls   pass
truth:  pulls   document

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a sparse matrix for x .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  returns a tuple of states until the given state until it returns true .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  loop   currents
truth:  loop   state

test:  calculate the string_ gui .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return series of data with categorical data for x .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  create   embeds
truth:  create   pandas

test:  render the template into a string that contains inappropriate tags .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test when we can run a local file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  convert a single fingerprint to a human readable by the given value .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  parse a username and return a tuple of user parameters .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  stores a python type corresponding to a string .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  gets   abandoned
truth:  gets   declaration

test:  print pending recipients using smart .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return an dont if script is not a script .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  throw   shed
truth:  throw   exception

test:  a context manager to apply the variables to avoid env .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   accept
truth:  context   env

test:  get base64 encoded image information from base64 to base64 with 5 .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  generate   forwards
truth:  generate   image

test:  injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   forgets
truth:  injects   filesystem

test:  this is used to determine if the protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  generate the path to the correct tarball .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   wanted
truth:  builds   filename

test:  run tests for the unittest .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  discover   binhexed
truth:  discover   tests

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  creates a new instancefault in the vcenter .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get the hardware address of a particular interface .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load a configuration file and create a configparser instance .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  internal function to get a ("" tree .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  inverts   configured
truth:  inverts   tree

test:  decode a raw uuid string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  decode   bartels
truth:  decode   contents

test:  set the current vhost of the user via rabbitmqctl command name cli example: .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  compute the trimmed sample standard error of the sample data .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  handles a comment form for a given translation .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  stores   iterates
truth:  stores   comment

test:  load schema file .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  returns the number of bytes required to hold a user .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  given a string that represents a valid cmake .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  transform expr into a gradient expression .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  checks barcodes of a mapping file and barcodes for mapping .
truth: gets header . 
test:  gets   assume
truth:  gets   header

test:  given a course_key and a column name .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  returns the stable stable error message from the log header dict .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  extract   revoked
truth:  extract   details

test:  infer a name for the name in the context .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   stores
truth:  infer   name

test:  show the databases of a repository .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  convert the unstructured indexed pipeline into a prettier dictionary .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  works   migrate
truth:  works   systemd

test:  get the path of the pywin32 paths .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   disabling
truth:  generate   filenames

test:  prints a header value which encodes the given header .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  given a series of integer values .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  cancel   pulls
truth:  cancel   null

test:  given a class .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   archive
truth:  return   member

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  get all attachment specs for the specified attachment .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  parse a time out of a time out of the passed value .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  tries   support
truth:  tries   time

test:  get the gnu which have been changed in the xmlobject of other times .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  gets a list of all the auth for a request params from a request .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  extracts   backup
truth:  extracts   properties

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   error
truth:  pair   bracket

test:  receive a list of pairs and return a packed socketfd .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  convert ip address string to its canonical ip version .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  convert   based
truth:  convert   address

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a timestamp string .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  surround   preload
truth:  surround   content

test:  parses an entry at the given lines of a dictionary .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parse   inform
truth:  parse   entry

test:  add a figure and send it to the figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  call fbater need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/rg_convert_lped_fped .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  get all available regions for the aws key management service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  delete an exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  pulls   imagine
truth:  pulls   modes

test:  list all quietfuncdef .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  returns   igor
truth:  returns   device

test:  list all available package upgrades .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   intialize
truth:  find   root

test:  return the value of the given admin .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  preferred preferred latest version preferred tool .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  invoke   generating
truth:  invoke   shell

test:  lists wiki documents needs a review .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   retuned
truth:  lists   revisions

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  compact pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  return boolean value if a string is a valid python string .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test interpolated chart rendering with a secondary chart .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   replay
truth:  test   chart

test:  load the data modechoice data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns a ios name for the given sandbox .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  returns   proxying
truth:  returns   assets

test:  test if the python package can be run .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  creates all tests under path if found .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  renders all the url for a particular actor instance <a <a str will be followed by the page .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   access
truth:  renders   url

test:  command : data equals error .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  verifies the cypher with the given key .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  preprocess an expression into a set of variables .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  prepare   craft
truth:  prepare   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  return an existing randomized paths for the given user .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  check if any ms ms in the response is available .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  used   label
truth:  used   custom

test:  virtually clip version of the content at a certain neighbor .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the comments string of a feature considering when the table of some of the steps is longer than the remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  returns a validator registered for use with a given type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  get   pipe
truth:  get   validator

test:  returns the timestamp from a datetime object .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  make sure the test was loaded correctly .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  rewrite   currents
truth:  rewrite   state

test:  create image with a linear image and which hosts are searched .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  update   forwards
truth:  update   image

test:  if power is not already installed .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts an xri to a form of xri .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  test x labels and truncate labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  calculate qa for the comment scores of scores .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return the environment pythonpath and command line name .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  retrieve   unquoting
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  authenticate using an oauth url .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  builds   guvectorize
truth:  builds   oauth

test:  yields pairs for a token in a multiline manner .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  creates a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  tokenize a piece of bytes in a multiline fashion .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  tokenize   supports
truth:  tokenize   text

test:  read this file and return lines in a list .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   hits
truth:  read   filter

test:  given a path to a inbox backend .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  function   flip
truth:  function   python

test:  return a tuple for the given interface .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  ensure   restoring
truth:  ensure   data

test:  convert an sin(x)*-2 to a craft error object .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  check   twitter
truth:  check   auto

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   preprocess
truth:  returns   networks

test:  returns a dictionary of all relations ids in the given table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  generate a single _ with the given source and stk500v2 .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  construct   containing
truth:  construct   ip

test:  return the list of the extended domain names if set .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   union
truth:  get   domain

test:  compute one of the following: matrix of three dimensions .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  pauses   satisfy
truth:  pauses   container

test:  sample two axes returns a single vector .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  make   cleaning
truth:  make   matrix

test:  completeness test for an array of labels .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  run doctest on pyproj .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  run   prettyprint
truth:  run   examples

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get the name of a file .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  start a local image with archive; .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  generalized   pulls
truth:  generalized   null

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  scans a bunch of training .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  demo   indicating
truth:  demo   images

test:  a start_response() decorator for event handler .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  return a list of all features on the server cli example: .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  list   handle
truth:  list   features

test:  tests that release_id behaves after "edginess" outputs .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  constructs   initialise
truth:  constructs   layers

test:  return the path to the s3cache dir for this image .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  generate   disconnects
truth:  generate   dir

test:  return the named vm cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  the smallest element of a sparse matrix .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   invalidates
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  jpeg the file system path .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  pulls   rabins
truth:  pulls   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  this function is where a file is actually a set of modules .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  return a generator of overlapping dictionaries .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  generate a "canned" structure of the directories of this game .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  creates   resample
truth:  creates   directories

test:  sanitize positional and keyword arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  calculate cross product between two vectors .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  cross   landing
truth:  cross   sum

test:  add the current trunk to the latest port .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  add   revoked
truth:  add   details

test:  load the scotvote data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   pinned_array
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  return the classifier representation of the classifier provided using the classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is a valid bool .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  returns the distances of the dataset along the curve .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  encode the remote wanted by replacing each type that was generated from the remote -> blockdevice_id .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sets global variables _os_identity_api_version cli example: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  downloads an image .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  return true if the object is gradient with a block gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  decorator that adds a method to an object .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  add   located
truth:  add   method

test:  decorator that skips tests if intermittent is not a pillow .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  remove the existing channel from the application channel .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  pulls   extracts
truth:  pulls   socket

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  asserts that the interactive call was made with default .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  verify   instantiate
truth:  verify   arguments

test:  append a file system path to the filesystem path .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  matches   allocate
truth:  matches   user

test:  should be used to cache the current time .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  be   pulls
truth:  be   null

test:  service the service game to service .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  recursively write a tar dir to all files in the directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  writes a new xspf to the given tuples in the given xml .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  send   switch
truth:  send   list

test:  return the user id of a given user_id .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is the length of the value .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  try to locate the result of image .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   knapsack
truth:  upload   request

test:  convert a string to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  returns raw barcode with raw barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  split   reveal
truth:  split   sequence

test:  delete user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  return the absolute path of a path .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  checks whether user can push translation for given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  filter out access authentication tokens from the given token dict .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  reads kit import from the csv file .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   been
truth:  import   format

test:  return a new base32 key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   skipped
truth:  generate   use

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete any empty directories .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a server-side resource object for a wsgi resource .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  iterate through masked values stored in string values .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  repack secure helper method .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  return the name of a module .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  assemble   pulls
truth:  assemble   null

test:  convert the ontonotes version of the ctypes function .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  simple test showing how to create a lazy query .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  test   aliased
truth:  test   json

test:  registers the next views for a given target .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is not equal to the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a tuple with the docs version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  convenience function to create a yaml stream from a file .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  loads   freezing
truth:  loads   configuration

test:  return available packet datacenter images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  return the applies applies additional options .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  get   transliterate
truth:  get   variable

test:  test that there are there are there are there .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  pulls   appends
truth:  pulls   add

test:  return a subgraph sequence in the graph .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  find   reserve
truth:  find   subgraph

test:  return the first index of the element in seq .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  find the intersection of tokens that match a list of tokens in tokenizer .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve a path of the given collection .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  return true if the provided ip is a valid ip or not .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  return a single localizable attributes for the object .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  codegen -> bool return the name of a bool in expr .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  generate   associate
truth:  generate   expressions

test:  x is a rational matrix x and class .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  handle   turn
truth:  handle   case

test:  return simple path to the simple filtering branchfile .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  splits   utf-8
truth:  splits   argument

test:  get the creation time for the volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  extract   support
truth:  extract   time

test:  check for correctness of a gradient function by comparing it in the gradient interpolation methods .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  lint tool inputs .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  ensure   inquire
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  like orphaned orphaned .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  decode value from base64 to plain format and deserializes the base64-encoded encoding .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   connect
truth:  encodes   entities

test:  returns true if *cluster_summary* is a float .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  normalize the sources .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  extracts   deployments
truth:  extracts   sources

test:  transforms messages into the resulting messages .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  return true if path is an error .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  returns true if g is an isolate isolate .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  determines   looping
truth:  determines   node

test:  test process with wrap=true constant .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a given object .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   extension

test:  return a finder link from a list of requirements .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read and return a text file .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   project
truth:  return   ascii

test:  call signature:: polar make a polar plot .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  make   memoizes
truth:  make   plot

test:  event handlers can be accessed to run_on_app_servers that the enforced to the given changed .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  create custom metric descriptor for the given descriptors .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  this function is called by the httpconnection .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  return   polynomials
truth:  return   codes

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  run all the current item in the running type-1 .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  spatial spatial depends on a simple cluster .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  update a font with a italic .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  retrieve the name of the undecorate function .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup iframe frontend platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  get the locale from the display_name files needed by the user .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  make   changes
truth:  make   languages

test:  find all public and capture nodes to the local node .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  migrate   sleep
truth:  migrate   files

test:  returns a list of comments from processes according to their status space .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   dataframe
truth:  get   comments

test:  generate a vulns .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  adapt   flattens
truth:  adapt   output

test:  show the details of a post .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  execute python environment .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  executes   flip
truth:  executes   python

test:  helper function to return the access token in the api .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  obtain   scop
truth:  obtain   token

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   unenroll
truth:  test   cookies

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   been
truth:  check   format

test:  retrieve programs data in which the given user is described .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   deduce
truth:  return   programs

test:  escapes a cpp define so that it will be present .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  yaml: whitesource performs the build step that we need to extract them from other arbitrary build step .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  converts a paper: array into a packed platform object .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  packs   eliminates
truth:  packs   elements

test:  print a names of dicts .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  generate   fragment
truth:  generate   report

test:  get the sense with the given form .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  load an extension from a module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  does a dictionary with all values that match selection .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  determines   search
truth:  determines   d

test:  create a new context for the tenant .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   generating
truth:  communicate   shell

test:  validate that the given json textbooks is a list of pdf .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   supports
truth:  validate   text

test:  decorate all the nodes in the tree to the given node .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  function   push
truth:  function   depth

test:  construct a signal with epochs at the epochs in epochs .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  reconstruct   dumps
truth:  reconstruct   signal

test:  generate a short for the contents of a given register body .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  return the changed files that will run for the specified number of files .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  get instance type by flavor id or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  print an iterable of ansi snippets .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return a node with search contributors that are visible first node of the given node .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   skipped
truth:  serialize   use

test:  split the first kind of the elements in elems order .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  compute the maximum manifestations of a csr or csc matrix .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  returns the vdot product of a and b under the factorization of a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  pastes a cookie .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  generate an md5 hash of a file .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  receive   review
truth:  receive   keys

test:  helper to make a raw route for tests to show connections .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  return a dict of active config values .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get saml provider document .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   embedded
truth:  get   example

test:  return a sparse matrix of the following: input x with the given number of dimensions .
truth: like rand . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  work out the common code description from an http header .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return the installation of the files isgitlink file .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  check   created
truth:  check   mode

test:  log a message usage:: log the info .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  create a file from source to destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  tokenize a python rewriting the text of a dataset .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  generate a listener that is being called without triggering the process .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  just ensure that a widget is available for the provided module .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  populates   flow
truth:  populates   fields

test:  for accessing translations that are allowed in a javascript translations .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  helper function that returns a valid trace as a string .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  when a process handler is being used .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  pulls   explode
truth:  pulls   processes

test:  adapt the given course structure to a dict of values .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  map   localize
truth:  map   reference

test:  transform a string to an oauth-compatible url .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  extract the external message from a container .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  inspect   satisfy
truth:  inspect   container

test:  build the routes for interface cli examples: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  add   refresh
truth:  add   scripts

test:  reorder a set of overlapping elements in a foreignkey order .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  converts a dictionary of dictionaries to a single string .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  take   forbid
truth:  take   options

test:  fetch a rabbitmq ip address associated with an instance .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  blocks   center
truth:  blocks   ec2

test:  check if value is an int .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  check   linkify
truth:  check   integer

test:  prints a list of the base context for a given base context .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  render an form errors that is available in the form }} {% load balancer %} **example**:: {% crispy_addon %} **example**:: {% csrf_token %} {{ form }} {{ form %} **example**::
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  save the options to a tuple .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dumps   solve
truth:  dumps   settings

test:  add vector3 from a path to an visible path dictionary .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  return the epoch of a datetime .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  extract the images into a numpy array [index] the images into the beginning and gzip bytes .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  decorator for setting dirty flag and useless ones .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  returns the description of a file into a list of authors lines .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  returns a mock client to be used by the user .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns the accuracy of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  return the permission url from the file named qiime i .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  pulls   marathon
truth:  pulls   opening

test:  encode a string to a file using json rather than lexer operations .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  convert a sequence of dicts into a sequence of dicts .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  stop   retuned
truth:  stop   revisions

test:  execute a command and read the output as yaml .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  return true if the filename matches the given options .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  extract nodes from a node .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   revert
truth:  extract   i18n

test:  get the cached trees for the given queryset .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  takes   offer
truth:  takes   queryset

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no pad .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  retrieves the creation for this key .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return box for stripping off of flag .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return true if the users file exists using the htpasswd command .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  delete   allocate
truth:  delete   user

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  show the notification on the minion cli example: .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  return any optional timestamp information in the request .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  if the user is not a static file name matches the corresponding cola constraint .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  expand   sums
truth:  expand   expression

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the list of segment inside a segment .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  generate a testsuite of the given search paths and ld .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  given an existing configurations .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  execute a sequence of assets for database objects .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  delete   proxying
truth:  delete   assets

test:  test packagefinder only accepts url with the same url .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  setup   embed
truth:  setup   logging

test:  gets any blog categories in a template .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   act
truth:  gets   categories

test:  return a list of names that contain a list of the configured names .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  determine   allocate
truth:  determine   user

test:  read the bitpacked and return as deprecated .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   exposes
truth:  read   values

test:  a will return the avatar url for the user .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  reset the docker settings that will only changes when various digits .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  populate   pending
truth:  populate   default

test:  function form of repr .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  write a stream as a stream .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  approximation of the approximation of a mpf with the parameters f : array with aggregated order of the distance matrix .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 lists from paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  compute the harmonic mean squared density method .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  resnet-50 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this bucket .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   enhanced
truth:  copy   object

test:  tests that we can convert a random tree each type at the end of each node .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  tests   configured
truth:  tests   tree

test:  creates a message with the provided prefix .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  change   rescales
truth:  change   event

test:  returns the test certificates that use the given cluster .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  build   encapsulate
truth:  build   instance

test:  get redis key value from a redis server cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  creates a test user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  check for a physical_constants of file references .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  rebuild   exposes
truth:  rebuild   values

test:  return a form for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  create a flask-security application from a qt application .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  const_map_item : const_value : const_value .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns generator list of loaded rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  yields   put
truth:  yields   rules

test:  generate a bytearray of a counter length length .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  do all the content in a directory .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only load this module if the gluster command exists .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  common code decomposition of a matrix of cho_factor() .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  allow backslashes to native native report encoding of decoding objects .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  generate a certificate domain ascii domain for the given certificate .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   producing
truth:  generate   certificate

test:  split an iterator into a iterator .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  build a test api config file .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  morning doji star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  pulls   pressing
truth:  pulls   cover

test:  takes a dict of dicts .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  coerce   presents
truth:  coerce   mapping

test:  create content at a content directory and return a new sample content .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to int type representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   combined
truth:  converts   ipv4

test:  add from surrounding loops to surrounding loops from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  creates a thread for the current thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  creates   vms
truth:  creates   thread

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have any spam .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  deactivate pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   colorized
truth:  deactivate   context

test:  wrapper to load a single speed up from a module .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  return the status status of the process with a given status .
truth: get status code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  ensures that when a customer is deleted .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  pulls   l{twisted
truth:  pulls   subscription

test:  read everything from file .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  show all stacks in the service running on those time .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  pulls   paginates
truth:  pulls   queues

test:  test transformations when lowlevel is set .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  load   tag
truth:  load   gettext

test:  return unified text if there is a respecting appended .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  return a datetime object for the given utc hour .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  create   childnodes
truth:  create   timestamp

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   call
truth:  return   docstrings

test:  temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a particular object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  mount a partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   forgets
truth:  mount   filesystem

test:  raise the given exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a list of people by the given plugin name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  check whether we can be dtype? from this module .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  adds a new plugin class to an existing plugin .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  get the url to be sent to the request .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  request   access
truth:  request   url

test:  get list of max testsuite for an element of the string .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse the options from a list of exactly tokens or lines .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  expr   tz_localize
truth:  expr   seq

test:  creates the arguments the litterals map .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  transforms   accounted
truth:  transforms   sign

test:  create a 301 cell method .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  create   computes
truth:  create   cell

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  get a security group from the database .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  given a course id and thread id delete for this thread id only .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  docstring for install_openblas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  split a list into chunks of chunks .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   falls
truth:  yield   max_rows

test:  update a remote draft back in the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  sync   expands
truth:  sync   draft

test:  put a query string in the database .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  put   access
truth:  put   url

test:  into into new password file for use in order to generate .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  encrypt   labeled
truth:  encrypt   file

test:  training controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   extract
truth:  training   version

test:  return the yaw to which vehicle in the vehicle .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  check that the expected and open in the operation is set .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  ensure   break
truth:  ensure   operations

test:  send a message to a message .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   unload
truth:  send   client

test:  check that the policy can be updated by the policy .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  checks   unescapes
truth:  checks   rule

test:  allows customise to open a list of gis .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  customize   plan
truth:  customize   profile

test:  redirects the specified location to the location using http 304 method .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return a hashlib value parameters from object obj .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  extract metadata from an action in the provided stream .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   allocate
truth:  extract   user

test:  decorator for marking evironment dependent filters .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  returns the current course for the ccx that contains been added to the given course args: policy_dict : the ccx key .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  works   overlay
truth:  works   func

test:  test that reset correctly add surfaces in user manually .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  reset   makes
truth:  reset   namespaces

test:  a wsgi application which sets the expected status of application .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  creates   roundrobin
truth:  creates   application

test:  train a transformation matrix of composite features .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   outset
truth:  train   classifier

test:  sends a message to the oauth2 message .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  return list of admin users that have been set of .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  find and return a virtual machine by name .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return a standard domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  unquoting   reported
truth:  unquoting   function

test:  send signal to the u'post .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  decode a data to the most of the current image data .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  computes   restoring
truth:  computes   data

test:  click a click on the element .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  add rack holes to vector3rackprofiles .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  :obj:ordereddict --> os .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  abbreviate   carve
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return threshold value of a threshold or shrinking response .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  applies   rrmgr
truth:  applies   threshold

test:  return a list of appropriate figure labels .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  get   pick
truth:  get   callback

test:  create a provided grant for a resource .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   wrapped
truth:  create   permission

test:  flatten a dict converts a single level dictionary to a single level of values based on the values in a dictionary whose values .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats a timedelta to make it readable by the client .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  format   skipped
truth:  format   use

test:  yaml: timestamps send build failures requires the build plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  pulls   exercise
truth:  pulls   timestamps

test:  returns a list of all file and subpackages subpackages as a list of dicts .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   publish
truth:  load   graph

test:  returns a list of selected language bidi .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  returns   languages

test:  run a child process and waits for the given process .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read image data from file of networks read from mounted format .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  read   forwards
truth:  read   image

test:  return a json-serializable list of txt .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  returns   yamlify
truth:  returns   rrset

test:  main function for validating fasta files from cluster .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  asserts that the given set of undefined is the same .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  returns a dictionary of time in the epoch cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  run a wnb server .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  return the path of the file paths of a directory .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  function used to describe test cases .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return a string with a syntactically hash .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  set the jinja environment for workers .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  create   masks
truth:  create   jinja2

test:  log reader .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  server   decorating
truth:  server   log

test:  performs unique id .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  all facebook available invite modeladmin .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  sending   pulls
truth:  sending   null

test:  get the default domain name for the request .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  gets   enhanced
truth:  gets   object

test:  detect all the connected nodes in a baremetal list as a list of which are deduplicated .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   pass
truth:  rename   document

test:  coerce value to a time when applicable .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  convert string into a list of pairs .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  convert   translates
truth:  convert   flags

test:  load the coverage from a raw database .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  run session between server and client protocol instances over tcp instance .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  return a sorted diff of user if it exists .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  get the distance between begin and end .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  check that a line transform is valid: by the model .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return an iterator of all elements of a sequence .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  update the status of serializing with host_addr change status .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   pass
truth:  update   document

test:  a decorator that ensures a user is not a trusted function .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  validate   restoring
truth:  validate   data

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute edge centrality for nodes in a directed graph .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  run a centimeters command .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return all data from all returners on the master .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   caused
truth:  write   return

test:  return true if the object is an instance of the given object .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  update   joins
truth:  update   cluster

test:  recursively convert v to str .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  replace python dotted path with specifyshape .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  replace   flip
truth:  replace   python

test:  returns a list of optional controller for the given controller .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  translates value into a bool value .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  setup the panasonic viera tv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   m
truth:  setup   tv

test:  register a colormap some colormap functions can be a sequence of c{target} .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  add   gather
truth:  add   colormap

test:  plots axes of a time series .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  updates all of the cache to the paginated virtualenv .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  generate arma impulse process of shape parameters ar : array_like coefficients of lag polynomial response : array_like .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  validate that validate a topic is valid .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  if track turn off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  called   rising
truth:  called   group

test:  test morphing volume source spaces .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  test   singular
truth:  test   volumes

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an array with masked values .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  masked   confirmed
truth:  masked   length

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   waveform
truth:  print   products

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  get authentication token for the given host and port .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to query address cli example: .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   source
truth:  make   overlay

test:  convert s to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  return the ansi color of the given text .
truth: string in color . 
test:  string   detects
truth:  string   color

test:  helper function to generate the timestamp of a db by time .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  return version of the version of the local database .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  fixture that checks only have httpbin method .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  like   unlinks
truth:  like   fixture

test:  change frequency of the meetinglink .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  log   consisting
truth:  log   link

test:  return true if *obj* is an instance of the given object .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determine if saferepr is a ubuntu distribution .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  convert a binary string into an integer within the host .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  run the signals to start config .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  convert integer to an integer .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  compute the number of gradients of f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test the behavior of all subdirectories in a wheels .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  parse a trains field into a short compatible with the given name and the parsed fields .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  unregister a previously registered serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   enter
truth:  unregister   serializer

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   insures
truth:  set   projections

test:  return the default value for group+name if value is none .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  default   labels
truth:  default   transform

test:  write pnm pixels in os-independent format to a file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  unsubscribe a list of specific values .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  unsubscribe   switch
truth:  unsubscribe   list

test:  returns a list of resource of n of the target vertices .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  returns   grant
truth:  returns   power

test:  download translations from bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  download   b1
truth:  download   translations

test:  return a dict of all ips from linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  display a box html by the user .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  finds and returns a list of parent directories of a path .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return the year for the provided locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  get   canonicalize
truth:  get   unicode

test:  return an sqlalchemy about all activities for a user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  execute the fetch of all tasks .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  starts   shift
truth:  starts   tasks

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  orders   allocate
truth:  orders   user

test:  add the list of expressions in the given register location to the configured grains .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  accept   bench
truth:  accept   value

test:  convert an oauth client object to a client id .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  initializes   search
truth:  initializes   d

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the container .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  generates a flat request with the given fields and changed by the users model .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  builds   access
truth:  builds   url

test:  return first id of the first id found in line .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  list all agents .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  tests the microversions covariance matrix .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  serialize a transform into a list of numbers .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  reserializes   restoring
truth:  reserializes   data

test:  test the importer for the importer module using the arbitrary module support .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for continuous ensures moments .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  default locale handler for inviting purposes .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  were   pulls
truth:  were   null

test:  decorator which causes a function to be called via http requests .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  allow   usage_key_string
truth:  allow   view

test:  a blank line read from the given line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send pending process .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  it doesnt install and answers of reqs using reqs .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  upgrade   labeled
truth:  upgrade   file

test:  create a network on a specified network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   retry
truth:  create   subnet

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  recursively delete the emr system .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  set   separated
truth:  set   aes

test:  a context manager to temporarily change the exit code of a specific block .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  patch   batch
truth:  patch   code

test:  periodically -> list of length n from a list of distributions .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  draws   contructs
truth:  draws   sample

test:  guess the unicode value .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  processing   freeze
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  show all window of a window by index .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  validate an email address .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   expect
truth:  return   body

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  check   assign
truth:  check   requests

test:  vector of all possible expressions of expr .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  sum   estimates
truth:  sum   squares

test:  decrypt a aes with aes .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   restoring
truth:  decrypt   data

test:  get warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  get   stopped
truth:  get   statistics

test:  get a job instance from the database .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  declaration_specifiers : type_qualifier .
truth: empty : . 
test:  empty   pulls
truth:  empty   null

test:  generate a graph of graph from a file .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  construct   publish
truth:  construct   graph

test:  assert all finite outset in the matrix x .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  throw   expr
truth:  throw   valueerror

test:  replace explicit quotes with " .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  remove   shared
truth:  remove   string

test:  get the course_key course_key for the course specified by course_key .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  process errors from the google errors that have been processed by the last key in the format of a dict .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  calls a function multiple arguments? backoff .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  function   relies
truth:  function   logic

test:  concatenates c query and return a primary key of the given kind .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  send   fixes
truth:  send   manager

test:  lettuce should serve admin files properly on django os x .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  just add fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake api actions .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  parse an http page .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  startup   lstrip
truth:  startup   set

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting or if it is complete .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   kill
truth:  given   datasource

test:  get a schema in the database .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test replacing python integer .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  test   parameterize
truth:  test   integers

test:  determine if a path is crossing inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  returns the lines of the file to read the file encoding and encoding .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  try   unifies
truth:  try   encoding

test:  get the debug info .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  determine   imageidfield
truth:  determine   debugging

test:  returns a major for a given field .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   shut
truth:  returns   checker

test:  update the named ports of the specified instance .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  set   edit
truth:  set   ports

test:  converts a docstrings into a documentlistaclfeed profile nodes .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  remove   downgrades
truth:  remove   point

test:  umask shortcut .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  retrieve a comment and given a comment and comment_id .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  retrieve   iterates
truth:  retrieve   comment

test:  migrate the database to the most recent version in the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  simulates an error response to a wsgi response .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  decode each string in the series/index using indicated encoding .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  return an instance of the footnoteextension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function is an error message .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  retrieve the most appropriate urls for a given named vm .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  print conference listing of emailmessages to the queue .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  split a path in root and extension .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  map the values of the given expression to the given fn .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   display
truth:  test   print

test:  runs the http session to save a file .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  redirects   feeds
truth:  redirects   stderr

test:  checks if dipy is not installed .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test assumptions for assumptions examples .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  attempt to get a list of maintenance maintenance instances .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   reencrypt
truth:  get   start

test:  create a file .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  check if the given key has the external key .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  recursively convert any string in the lowercase_ of its index .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether a email address should receive emails about their activity .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  returns the version of the git git version .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  browse path .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  open   equate
truth:  open   browser

test:  returns true if the request is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  return the textile in the textile content represented by a given head and the rest .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  function   offset
truth:  function   parameters

test:  make an area of the variable variable with a lstm' kind .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   responds
truth:  queries   database

test:  given a text file and added demultiplex file .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the test fails with timeout on the user["friends"]; start .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  returns the home page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  named   usage_key_string
truth:  named   view

test:  visit entry point for the given testsuite .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  visit   carry
truth:  visit   test

test:  return a list of submodules for the project .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  this calls the windows regqueryvalueex function in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  calls   calculate
truth:  calls   windows

test:  returns the path to the generate tarball of a file .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  perform morphological nl of a binary image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  retrieve an encoded error header .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  serialize   encapsulate
truth:  serialize   instance

test:  tests retrieving a search for an api .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  tests   dos
truth:  tests   search

test:  ensure that tabbing after ident .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  rendering   regroups
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset network to a network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   clones
truth:  reset   server

test:  make an identify string capable of a suitable sentence .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  turn   shared
truth:  turn   string

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  ensure   reuse
truth:  ensure   endpoints

test:  return the directory where the given themes files are located .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  this will store the current timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  stores   stores
truth:  stores   name

test:  creates an internal greater than or equal constraint .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   carves
truth:  creates   constraint

test:  create a new user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  somebody connected to a home page .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   share
truth:  connected   homepage

test:  existences check that pointed to x**n cases .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  determines   joins
truth:  determines   cluster

test:  download zip plugin from a file .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  download   identifies
truth:  download   plugin

test:  commit a repo .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  create   disappear
truth:  create   commit

test:  skip tests without a test object .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  base? in a list of dicts .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  return all schema information from all database cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  wait for a command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  test mne forward solution .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  upgrade all possible cloud ip addresses in the given subnet .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  migrate   restoring
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get hostname from a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  calculate standard normal correction of the maxima of the test set .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  returns the subgraph induced by nodes passing crust .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   initalize
truth:  return   k

test:  serialize the given object using its ready for the given dict .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  serialize   enhanced
truth:  serialize   object

test:  returns true if wcs can view the given wcs .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the versions of an ipython ipython .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  read the string in a form of all the rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  create a document that will normally be sent over a bokeh server-side record when a session is a bokeh .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   command
truth:  create   session

test:  steps case case case .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  default   turn
truth:  default   case

test:  returns the sid name of the specified security group .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  context manager that asserts that the values of this code is to be deleted .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  modify   unquoting
truth:  modify   environment

test:  using the streaming api .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  sample   supplied
truth:  sample   api

test:  restrict the value into a generic kodi set .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  subtract dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  set the security groups of a security group .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  modifies   inits
truth:  modifies   security

test:  issue a sanity check .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  prints   wake
truth:  prints   msg

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   extract
truth:  removes   version

test:  do any object in the provided record .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  replace   supplied
truth:  replace   api

test:  list all associated associated associated with an instance profile .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  download the available options from the current user and return the copy as a dictionary .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  determine the path to the user-specific datacenter path for a resource .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  constructs   define
truth:  constructs   path

test:  converts depth into rst "faster" this is non-negative bytes for real inputs for experimentation name: segs: .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  print a binary file for shell usage to stdout .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  compute the input variables for a dataset of numbers .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   transliterate
truth:  compute   variable

test:  it only returns true if a list with overlap .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  handle the results of a mouse until the user presses .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  select   pick
truth:  select   callback

test:  returns whether a review request can delete the user can delete .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wait for a vm to return .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  assert needles app .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  assert   corrupts
truth:  assert   terms

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a window with a simple hamming window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  returns the page from a path or a preview path .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  resolves   define
truth:  resolves   path

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   binhexed
truth:  execute   tests

test:  update a certificate for certname in a certname .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  add intersections of the line with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  get cloudwatchevents and return in configuration .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  returns a list of typical courses by their announcement .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sorts   disconnect
truth:  sorts   courses

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  pulls   corresponding
truth:  pulls   wheel

test:  implementation of site-packages generated by taking the parameters of implementation .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  updates   proposed
truth:  updates   chain

test:  decorator to raise the specified volume to test a lvo object this decorator is running in a dummy lvo .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  lock   break
truth:  lock   operations

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  cancels   pulls
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts label to binary representation label .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   inhibit
truth:  converts   label

test:  parse in the given xml file and return a list of data .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  test   exit
truth:  test   handling

test:  verify to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  check   deserializes
truth:  check   pyenv

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  returns a search dict with the search dict for a collection .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  halt the execution of a different spawned thread .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  suspend   vms
truth:  suspend   thread

test:  standard error sort window that retains an action dialog .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  returns the powerlaw sequence of powerlaw elements .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   returned
truth:  returns   numbers

test:  check that something that have been last modified .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   small_stmts
truth:  checks   line

test:  returns a dictionary of whether or not the corresponding date shut and the report view .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  parse   sign
truth:  parse   pair

test:  set the eng float .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  alter   pings
truth:  alter   behavior

test:  get the system packages for the package specified by the command cli example: .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  paging request type pseudo section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  paging   alignment
truth:  paging   section

test:  perform the covariance m step for mstep .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  returns the url for the individual api .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update update from srcpath in dstpath as resource in dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  list all available startup disks disks .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  test the topic subscription subscription for a user .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   stops
truth:  create   topic

test:  generates a set of key index for a particular key .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  xor   currents
truth:  xor   state

test:  return marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  returns an array of zero or more zero .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  given   destroy
truth:  given   dtype

test:  get the mrl of the media .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   prompt
truth:  get   locator

test:  unpack an expression .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  returns   preserve
truth:  returns   int

test:  encode a single list .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   export
truth:  encode   tuple

test:  parse a vsphere instance to a vcenter server .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  print   update
truth:  print   knowledge

test:  calculate the size of a sound .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert to milliseconds .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   making
truth:  converts   float

test:  a 307 redirect redirect redirect url .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  pulls   asserting
truth:  pulls   redirect

test:  courses controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  tests that the four possible ways of theano nan are theano when the same results .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns a one-hot array of binary labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   format
truth:  converts   parameter

test:  download data from a url to a url .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  reverse a users play songs .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  reverse   limiting
truth:  reverse   order

test:  select the following path from aspath .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  return the items of an iterable elements in the given list for values .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  turns   restrict
truth:  turns   array

test:  return the correct template for the given language code .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   pulls
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  add a tzinfo aware datetime .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  returns the default directory path .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  provide   pings
truth:  provide   behavior

test:  gets hexadmecimal md5 sum of a file .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  md5sum   trying
truth:  md5sum   basestring

test:  print a single transactions .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  computes the most appropriate error response types for all validation .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  prefix   randomise
truth:  prefix   message

test:  set a config file to be changed on the main config .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  runs a command line from a running thread .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  pulls   polishing
truth:  pulls   celery

test:  adds a valueerror if its not already present in config .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  add   labeled
truth:  add   file

test:  enforce a nice structure on the configuration files .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  signal that a website is set with a private key .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  manage   wheter
truth:  manage   existence

test:  deactivate students certificates for all students certificates .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  regenerate   allocate
truth:  regenerate   user

test:  filename that reads a vector .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  pulls   smooth
truth:  pulls   vector

test:  populate a row with a data dict .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  populate   highlight
truth:  populate   row

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  merge common outputs from a tensor .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   blocking
truth:  merge   outputs

test:  return a allowed structure of all the standard values info based on the provided settings and values .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  only load this module if python-ethtool is installed on this minion .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this function fetches the small-screen message for the given life .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  recursively collects all files in a folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  compute style loss for gradient .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | function field_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  destroys all available pyglet .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clears   fitnesse
truth:  clears   events

test:  test that installing a condition small by discussion up to a condition with wrap=true for the input .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  add markdown description to html .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  setup the func2 content .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   emit
truth:  setup   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  generate a list of var(p) numbers for a series of fields .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  figure   review
truth:  figure   keys

test:  escape a new blobs with good values replaced with a line .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replaces   flashes
truth:  replaces   characters

test:  clears a previously set field override for the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  remove   tile
truth:  remove   information

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return a sympy rule repeatedly until it is the argument .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   put
truth:  compose   rules

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a function that returns the first argument list of a function .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  look for resolve resolve domains and return the resolver .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a tuple representing the version of v2 things that are greater than v2 .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  diff   skip
truth:  diff   difference

test:  return an absolute path to the base directory .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  input   encapsulate
truth:  input   instance

test:  enable you! entrypoint to be used debugging .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns a entity object .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  ignore   turn
truth:  ignore   case

test:  cleanup everything to regain a clean state .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   forced
truth:  cleanup   artifacts

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  list all remote info in a remote host using remote algorithm .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  transfer   pulls
truth:  transfer   null

test:  given a url and a key/val pair .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  get the dd and s of an object to a string .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the mean of the next datapoint in the series is farther than three standard deviations out in cumulative mean .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  checks if map map is set and callables .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   popup
truth:  test   effects

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test whether an object is an instance of int .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  given a currency then warning: this will just a string as currency in sales .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  adds   duplicates
truth:  adds   symbol

test:  determine if shuffler service is available .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  deletes a key from etcd .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  deletes   listen
truth:  deletes   key

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the incident table .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  url encode a dict/multidict with a given encoding .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  url   overlap
truth:  url   encode

test:  check that autoincrementing filenames are tokenized as being moon-like goes .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  replace #!python which have fixed quoted method name with " encoding .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  cms series expansion .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create an make_boolean(0) from the given package name .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  return   compresses
truth:  return   statement

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately inside parentheses .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  takes a class with a metaclass that is the same name as the documentation for the metaclass .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  monkeypatch   walks
truth:  monkeypatch   metaclass

test:  copy a file and all stat .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  flatten a dict of applications supplied a single mapping of applications .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  convert   mutes
truth:  convert   app

test:  convert a docstring into lines in the given docstring .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  fill   reported
truth:  fill   function

test:  return the configured config directory .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required for all data in the database .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  return   sql

test:  try to redirect to an asynchronous socket .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  creates a context request url for a unittest unittest url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  check download_dir for incomplete vs .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this method yields the ids of html-like for the given db .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  search   dos
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file using pt integration integration integration .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  show the state data from the salt master and display it custom state data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   restoring
truth:  retrieve   data

test:  get the number of [--] for forward to the ith table .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  list   undoes
truth:  list   routes

test:  calculate the weighted weighted array of weighted samples from the given percentile .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  compute   applies
truth:  compute   percentile

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   clones
truth:  initialize   server

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read 32bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   cleaning
truth:  read   matrix

test:  run before displaying the next code hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  executed   batch
truth:  executed   code

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the gauss-hermite quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   pushing
truth:  load   model

test:  add func with an argument to a callable .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  bind   instantiate
truth:  bind   arguments

test:  checks whether we have a web page .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return a list of lines for the given object .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps a method so that its response is not a lock lock .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  return the path to the directory that contains a given job .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  starting   pulls
truth:  starting   null

test:  return the final component of a path .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  return a list of content at exclude .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  returns the blocks in the clip at the given position .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  transforms   pair
truth:  transforms   photo

test:  get a filter to check if a group snapshot is being created from a cg .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  get   hits
truth:  get   filter

test:  return a list of the port that owns the file .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prints any extra client information for a user .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  iterate   emit
truth:  iterate   access

test:  converts a python array to camel camel .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  convert   clusters
truth:  convert   camel

test:  function to decorate methods in order to copy_reg the same as the directory .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test getting completion for bash shell .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  test   enable
truth:  test   bash

test:  test external logging with javascript bits printing the javascript interface .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  decorator that ensures that functions that rely on pointer .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  pulls   share
truth:  pulls   homepage

test:  return a dictionary product of merging the default value for a key .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  run all parameters in a module .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  yaml: validating a string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins string .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  evaluate a network on an image in the hidden gradient .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  retrieve all events that have been added to another collection .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  transfer   reallocation
truth:  transfer   collection

test:  return a list of the facet items of the given facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  unassign a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  return pearson between v1 vectors in gradient of v2 os that are not v2 arrays .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  correlation   host
truth:  correlation   numpy

test:  pull a url from a specified query .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  searches   clones
truth:  searches   server

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return a llvm record as a qtreewidgetitem s .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   restrict
truth:  create   array

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   converted
truth:  define   block

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  return the power of the matrix n .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  raise   cleaning
truth:  raise   matrix

test:  convert a datetime object into a .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  set   suggests
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish this project .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  expand a path without live discovery .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  provides   define
truth:  provides   path

test:  ensure that we can nodedent with the desired key .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  dedent   pulls
truth:  dedent   null

test:  return an absolute path expansion of a file with the same name as relative to the file .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  resolve   hanging
truth:  resolve   variables

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  reset to the cached language changed for all of the given language .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  reset   changes
truth:  reset   languages

test:  given an http context .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   substitute
truth:  parse   records

test:  imports -> none generator rather than the given error node .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  check   venonats
truth:  check   try

test:  the unification succeeds iff other_object in orv .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  derive a certain set of collection based on a collection .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  returns a dict consisting of the keys in the provided dict .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  change your content of a stable shell .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  testing the output of many successful features .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  returns the output of a subprocess .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  update fs to files in a directory .
truth: many builds . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  create a connection record for db .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  creates   responds
truth:  creates   database

test:  generate warnings for a deprecated parameter .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  check that the named value is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  disable   unmask
truth:  disable   profiles

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  decorator defining a function to increase the beginning of a function .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the min cost of a network .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   hash
truth:  return   flow

test:  returns the full theme of the given themes .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  convert a sequence of brands to a list of dicts .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the scores by the unsorted file .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  return option list .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   capa
truth:  get   circle

test:  log a message usage:: log log the info .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  return all available boot services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  add system to user .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  add   fixes
truth:  add   manager

test:  extract the version from the ith filename .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   been
truth:  extracts   format

test:  run a bare application in a subprocess .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns whether the user is authorized to access this request .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  write the set of sequences to fp fasta files specified in the fasta file .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   learns
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the configuration options passed to the master .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns a list of the names of all enabled plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  integration test for bucket naming issues this test .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to minify and wrap storage .
truth: compress json . 
test:  compress   aliased
truth:  compress   json

test:  code enabled on context .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  make   inputhook
truth:  make   sys

test:  create srt method from a file or creates a srt .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  account   activate
truth:  account   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  use netmiko to change the logging buffer size on pynet-rtr2 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  returns the amount of child dependencies for the given dict the given child dependencies .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  pulls   mocks
truth:  pulls   scores

test:  perform :mod:cmd on all comments in the provided header .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  checks the length of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  when the current vmx search returns the python_egg_cache .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return the matching minion .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  reverse of an item in the order of its parameters order : str order of items in reverse order .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  reverse   validating
truth:  reverse   clause

test:  adds an answers to the answer log for the given answer .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  resolves   pulls
truth:  resolves   null

test:  standard error .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  correlation   adds
truth:  correlation   r

test:  turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  modify all published in memory from ccx courses .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   unsqueeze
truth:  verifies   fixtures

test:  return true if the object is an instance of a class .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  process a lost file for qemu-nbd .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   automate
truth:  process   traffic

test:  get url for a request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return compiled list of compiled filters from configuration .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  checks sampleid of generated duplicates for duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  flags   pulls
truth:  flags   null

test:  unpack a case describing http checksum in a case .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  return a url that will clone a repository into a repository .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  use django to toggle the django server that uses the django application .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  ensure a subnet group exists within a specific subnet this function requires boto3 .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  parse and return response from a http request .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  try   knapsack
truth:  try   request

test:  read text table designed for humans and normal table with col extent .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  fixed   bounds
truth:  fixed   table

test:  compute dot product between a tensor and b .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  returns the list of hit terms of the given specific .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  create a super for testing purposes .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   hits
truth:  create   filter

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  merge the given code with a list of input_row .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  prompt the user to provide a variable of the enumerated environment variable .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  a helper for sorting .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  ensure we appear to builtins .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  ensure   constrain
truth:  ensure   attribute

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in savez .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   attributes
truth:  saves   arrays

test:  delete a website from iis .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   ellipsoid
truth:  remove   pool

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse an xml tree .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   populating
truth:  parse   info

test:  restores the configuration options for the current thread .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  simple method to be used in a matrix from the series of dimensions .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require the default translation project .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  project   forgot
truth:  project   project

test:  ensure that a string is a string .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check if we have peer access ? .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  inspect tool shed array of input parameters that are pieces as input .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the current python version as a string .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  returns a string with the bundled version of pip .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test that dim is not a compatibility between any of the dim and the right message .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  reads a file or a list of files .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  verify   switch
truth:  verify   list

test:  receive num pages .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   resultant
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a chordal graph using the given graph .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  return data passed through butterworth .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   acquiring
truth:  return   bessel

test:  returns the port number for a given port .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  parse   preloading
truth:  parse   host

test:  redirects --> query arguments are following up any partial arguments .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  have   limiting
truth:  have   order

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  callback invoked when a command is invoked .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check if matrix is operational .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of the exploration summary for an pixel .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   coordinates
truth:  given   exploration

test:  check if the object has staff and has staff access for the course .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  returns   score
truth:  returns   staff

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  import *package_name* .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  import   batch
truth:  import   code

test:  execute a salt cloud storage service .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  compute the classifier and outputs of the classifier using a test model .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  evaluate a value into slice .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached process with ok=false .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  decorator to mark a review function or method as a review review return true if the test decorator is available in the review review review .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  returns a list of html tags for a users group or its tags .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  extract   drawing
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid tetragrid from the elementnode .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  mount zfs read in a pyramid configuration file using zfs .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return the /etc/opkg/* for the given payload .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  return   chown
truth:  return   loop

test:  split a function into a sequence of sub lists .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  map   reveal
truth:  map   sequence

test:  return an object corresponding to the file in the package .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  return an iterator to all of the files in a directory .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  crumb for a date .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  need the use of in-process tests .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  is the directory a valid file into a file .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  custom filtercomments .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup bench for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  add   switch
truth:  add   list

test:  test reading and get its members .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a copy of function sfunc where one variable is true .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the web web web web page .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   xfail
truth:  return   help

test:  like np .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  allocate   reconstructs
truth:  allocate   ndarray

test:  save the task definition and save it to the user .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  a vastly simplified socket wrapping function .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate true/false dict for the given addon and type .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of all users that have been public user for the user .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return true if f is a valid string .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   pulls
truth:  align   null

test:  delete the tags from an elb .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  add   drawing
truth:  add   tags

test:  sets a beets widget to the text .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get all agent .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   reading
truth:  get   agent

test:  check if there are a 'nofollow' .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  generate extensions for elasticsearch .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  link to a issue in the issue .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  applies a charthelp iterator on hubble graph g .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  django template should raise a catalog exception .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  list all the currently installed fields .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   assign
truth:  load   requests

test:  create keyring to create keyring cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  retrieves the url for the current thread if it exists .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  creates a config spec for the specified type .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  add a simulated header to response .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  returns true if the single node is a eligible node .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  check   looping
truth:  check   node

test:  returns a dictionary of all gating workflows for an xblocks course that are not in the given course .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  min min ca certs .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  generate area for a neighbor lists of distributions .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  find   logs
truth:  find   vertices

test:  converts a posix timestamp into a datetime object .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   containing
truth:  create   ip

test:  get carved text for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  scale probability of a model class .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  scale   pulls
truth:  scale   null

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars characters .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   preprocessing
truth:  generate   char

test:  compute the sample lookup for a sequence of polynomials l .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  samples   reported
truth:  samples   function

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   pts
truth:  sends   rpc

test:  makes eager for rpc functions which may be available .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete the directory .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  decorate a list of numtips for nested tree .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  function   sparks
truth:  function   number

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  set the sql configuration state of the sql database .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  context manager to temporarily add an locked to a context .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   phred
truth:  clear   caches

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  a room that is a little more advanced .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  pulls   assigned
truth:  pulls   room

test:  verify that the stack is none correctly .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  stack   switch
truth:  stack   list

test:  save an image to disk .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  showing   forwards
truth:  showing   image

test:  validates that the middleware that parameters are valid and can be used to restart checks that the value of a runner dict .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   format
truth:  validate   parameter

test:  return threshold value based on the yens images .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   rrmgr
truth:  return   threshold

test:  create the content of the file .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  print   preload
truth:  print   content

test:  decorator to mark a wsgi method that is a decorator .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  make   float
truth:  make   decorator

test:  construct an xml document with a resource on the sample uri .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  generate genelatex body for an instance of a bracket .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  generate   pass
truth:  generate   document

test:  make sure cookies are changed when cookies are not changed .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   fileformat
truth:  test   self

test:  helper function for speedy a simp expression .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  takes   corrupts
truth:  takes   terms

test:  select a fake connection for the given stack .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  take a string and return a copy of the string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  return   modified
truth:  return   lowercase

test:  verifies that the x509 verify we have a certificate .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  validate   gunzip
truth:  validate   certificates

test:  disconnect in this vmware host to put it down in the specified host cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  disconnect   grouping
truth:  disconnect   system

test:  validate and return a converted value for optdict .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  update a computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  walks the workflow nodes from the object .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  prepare   increase
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  hide the summary list of possible source files into a dict .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  accepts   svn
truth:  accepts   dicts

test:  fit iir cluster to a local tapers .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for the proxy .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  logs   reported
truth:  logs   function

test:  reconstruct interpolation from the millimeters and through their associated values .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  reconstruct   bench
truth:  reconstruct   value

test:  only load this module if python-ethtool is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  sets up a bundle application .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  point   attempt
truth:  point   extension

test:  get the policy for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  converts a string to a date according to the configuration directory .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  decorator for skipping test if driver is not available .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  ensure   trending
truth:  ensure   driver

test:  gets a channel object for the given transport .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  creates   overrides
truth:  creates   channel

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  runs a executable application .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   files
truth:  run   check

test:  returns the default help help command for option .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  apply   xfail
truth:  apply   help

test:  add a disk to the cached profile .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  gather   plan
truth:  gather   profile

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convert a file path to a relative base filename .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  test installing a simple extras using pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  set the suspend module "probes" to render the ram type .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  strategy for canonicalization apply each rule in a bottom_up fashion through the tree .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that columns is shown when the process is able to fix exception .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  returns the sequence of items in the sequence .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  given   popup
truth:  given   effects

test:  search the user for an email address .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return the hex colors matching hex .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  shorten   dump
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer | divequal | integer .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   round
truth:  computes   polynomials

test:  escape input type .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escapes   gauss
truth:  escapes   strings

test:  return the central coefficient of the central coefficient .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   rescanning
truth:  return   weights

test:  returns a deprecated in x .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  encrypt data with aes secret key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  only work on moduleonlyworksonmac systems with moduleonlyworksonmac .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  returns an array of model items that correspond to the selected qtreewidgetitem children .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  plots plot against the axes plot .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  returns qahera .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  get the initial state of an initial state .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  wrap   transliterate
truth:  wrap   variable

test:  show the latest version of a master image .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  create and write contents to a file .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  returns a modelformset for the given model class .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  install a "package" on a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  convert a string in the form of a kernel name .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  attempt   shared
truth:  attempt   string

test:  wraps up transcripts of all available transcripts .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  replaces   documents
truth:  replaces   transcripts

test:  take from url to local folder .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  clears globally installed manager configuration .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clear   synchronizes
truth:  clear   callbacks

test:  destroy an instance type .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  marks   pulls
truth:  marks   null

test:  return the replacing argument to use in a <script> argument .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replaces   utf-8
truth:  replaces   argument

test:  convert a string into an bitlist form .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  transform   shared
truth:  transform   string

test:  set a web socket based on presence of all values .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  makes   extract
truth:  makes   version

test:  type_name : conditional_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns a consensus if alpha isnt a consensus .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  join a list of lists into one axis .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert latitude to single-letter hemisphere .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a list of the keys of true to true .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  maintain   switch
truth:  maintain   list

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  validate settings against the facebook cache .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  checks   lambda
truth:  checks   django

test:  this filter updates the output of the provided index .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  formats   emits
truth:  formats   definition

test:  get a url for http request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   knapsack
truth:  initiate   request

test:  edit media form view .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   slave_open
truth:  edit   media

test:  computes the squared corresponding to a given relationship .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  computes   assuming
truth:  computes   norm

test:  attempt to execute a command as a background weight .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  terminate   requesting
truth:  terminate   i

test:  class decorator for bitstring/bytestring canvas according to class .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  a decorator that allows you to specify a particular bug in an bug .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  pulls   left
truth:  pulls   bug

test:  implement :nth-last-child() .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  return the first add containing a list of the kroneckerdeltas .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  ensures that state of tags for the given model .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  executes   exposes
truth:  executes   values

test:  parse all of the command line and return a list of all standard output .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  ask ask for a specified address or its hostname .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolves   stores
truth:  resolves   name

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  aux function .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  compute   permutates
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  tell whether an expression is length intended to be extracted from a number of expressions .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  return   sends
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the password for a user cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  reset   reduced
truth:  reset   cli

test:  search path and return a list of paths that can be found in the given module .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  finds   ip
truth:  finds   paths

test:  add hosts to label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   prefilled
truth:  add   hosts

test:  check password of oslo_config .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content ids for listed in the parent .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an iterator over the cumulative sum of values .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  index   intended
truth:  index   letter

test:  registers the codecs level registry .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  enable   r^2
truth:  enable   form

test:  for some strange reason .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  pulls   picks
truth:  pulls   reason

test:  returns the clique complement of the graph g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  find   direct
truth:  find   clique

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   querying
truth:  callback   actions

test:  yaml: github-notifier execute a job when bitbucket is pushed to .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a dict of tupleize pairs into a single string .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  convert   forbid
truth:  convert   options

test:  get the inset points of the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  change form of a users form field .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  save   r^2
truth:  save   form

test:  read a file-like object from production and return a list of timestamp .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   meet
truth:  test   legend

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  return list of disk devices cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  wrapper around neg .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return altz functions that is allowed to be int in altz .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new image on the victorops service .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  stops a network device .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  get an integer for a given dom .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  fetches a list of available zones for the configured profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  get the key id for the specified key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  helper function that returns the url to authenticate to the user .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  get all registered modules of localhost .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  check that a test tolerance is a test tolerance .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  validate a csr .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   sleep
truth:  validate   files

test:  fixture providing a readlinebridge stub .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  test %reset in ip addresses .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   consists
truth:  test   reset

test:  patches a fake patches with a field_seq set on the assigned os .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  most everything required to calculate the most recent values for the binary resource .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  acls of the patchviewer .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  return the current numeric alias based on its alias objects .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  return a poem 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  checks if dhcp options exists cli example: .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  check   cause
truth:  check   option

test:  escape & .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  return the text of a file in the path .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  delete a given api key .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  returns the given value as a number .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  rounding   gauss
truth:  rounding   strings

test:  create an object to read from a bucket .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the media movie play class as a media_list_player .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   imsave
truth:  run   profiler

test:  creates definitions for a resource from its definitions .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  removes a record .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   clip
truth:  remove   record

test:  get the name of the password in the given name .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  recursively generate the common errors in a nested serializer .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  give   generate
truth:  give   users

test:  clean the runtime used by unit test .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  resets   currents
truth:  resets   state

test:  decorator that checks if a user is in staff platform .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  trash trash .
truth: remove message . 
test:  remove   randomise
truth:  remove   message

test:  check if the provided headers is a websocket of websocket headers .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  determine   lstrip
truth:  determine   set

test:  print the list of software configuration directories on this platform .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   sleep
truth:  print   files

test:  the main program .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  run   mutes
truth:  run   app

test:  max pooling pool .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   restores
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns docinfo arguments for the requested metric .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  return the getproxies environment .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  returns a functionloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  this function is called just returns a salt .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  this is a hack to read the default value for a given amount of index .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  helper function to derive some patterns from the list of ignored .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  take a string and expand windows data based .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  update the map of all libraries in the given library directory .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   allocate
truth:  update   user

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  compute the nth coefficient of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  construct   indicate
truth:  construct   polynomial

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  find a workflow instance with the given hyphens and type .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  activate   initializing
truth:  activate   trigger

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add users to the default site and the user in a group .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   decide
truth:  add   groups

test:  retrieve and return the list of user object based on email addresses of a username .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert zmq version of .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  get   export
truth:  get   tuple

test:  integrate plugins to the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   colorized
truth:  integrate   context

test:  returns a random global value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  create a temporary file that is deleted and returns its filename .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  works   pulls
truth:  works   null

test:  computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   undeploy
truth:  computes   prs

test:  retry calling func using rpc call .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the current fqdn .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the hardware architecture of the machine .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  convert fits format spec to a numpy array of one np .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   simulate
truth:  convert   spec

test:  decorates a function to handle restful http entities .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  return a sorted list of remains and sorted if there is given .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  checks   were
truth:  checks   property

test:  builds a config spec for the addition or virtual vm .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   hostname
truth:  builds   vm

test:  returns the given error escape .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  simulate   flip
truth:  simulate   python

test:  marks a view function as exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  convert a python timedelta object to a total timedelta .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   matching
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  simulates a system copy of a bcpy copy .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   collecting
truth:  copy   b

test:  convert a bit of params to a dictionary of keys .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  calculate   tell
truth:  calculate   signature

test:  returns the correlation coefficient of the values of an array parameters a : array-like input array .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  factor a square-free polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  return the user name of a specific user .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  handle the admin api identified by user .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  makes   pts
truth:  makes   rpc

test:  returns a generator that evaluates a given lists .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   guessing
truth:  create   namespace

test:  submits a list of comments to access this allows arbitrary to the resource - used by gis .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  a view decorator that adds a get request and returns an html response .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  set the vbox_guest module if the os linux .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  parse a list of steps from a string into a list of steps .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   unroll
truth:  parse   steps

test:  draw a file or folder layers to a dot file .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   killed
truth:  draws   network

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  converts a string to a list of pairs .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  decorator to generate tests that the execution of the underlying function is converted to the execution of the test execution .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  get operating system platform for public os .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   multistringwidget
truth:  return   win32

test:  returns true if remote items are running .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  batch   deregister
truth:  batch   jobs

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   labels
truth:  return   transform

test:  downloads url .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   access
truth:  downloads   url

test:  sends a message to notifyosd and update it in note .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  set the connection of the api running sabnzbd instance .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   given
truth:  set   register

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   fitnesse
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs summary of all jobs .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  try to get input source files from document .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  walk   pulls
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the filename of a resource .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  test get_version() when invalid data is emitted .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  yields query dictionary with vars to all activities then nuke dictionaries with a single value vars .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  execute   view
truth:  execute   q

test:  get the md5 checksum of a song .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate hash of hashing objects .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   hover
truth:  test   bytes

test:  ticketstatus edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : simple_stmt lt newline | testlist eq newline | expr gt expr | expr ge expr | expr equals expr .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove the source component of a source file from a dict .
truth: clean component . 
test:  clean   msg
truth:  clean   component

test:  encode the dict of headers in the given headers .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   review
truth:  encode   keys

test:  return the actual site url for the given host+username+password .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  return a set of packages .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  returns   simplifies
truth:  returns   packages

test:  empty trash .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  empty   suggest
truth:  empty   folder

test:  return method function for the passed func .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  tests that the hash containing the first strings containing the review store .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  return true if the object is a tty of preference .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  convert   inplace
truth:  convert   ovs

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  parse the documentation and return a new document .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  create   loved
truth:  create   doc

test:  recursively collects a glob glob glob pattern .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  walk   resample
truth:  walk   directories

test:  test for #4957 .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   smash
truth:  test   corner

test:  returns the levenshtein if the given lists is the lowest of the given list of values .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   preface
truth:  returns   degree

test:  update the set of completions in the did list .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   gzipped
truth:  update   completion

test:  returns a normalized attribute string from a sequence of possible metadata .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  fixes   constrain
truth:  fixes   attribute

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  parse a string .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  input   decorating
truth:  input   log

test:  default implementation of stochastic devices .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a list of the file names in the package .
truth: by default . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  associate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  returns the mac address based on 6 or places as a printable address as defined by rfc eui-64 .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   iuploader
truth:  reverse   lookup

test:  imports content from fpath and returns a module in a ast .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  see pull request .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  capture   allocate
truth:  capture   user

test:  register a new output output .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  registers   override
truth:  registers   converter

test:  release an interface which will be overridden by its hue than a device name .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   paging
truth:  release   interface

test:  ensure that a device is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   negate
truth:  ensure   resource

test:  render all the actions in a template .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   querying
truth:  render   actions

test:  start the server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if the matrix is a hermitian .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  checks   cleaning
truth:  checks   matrix

test:  verifying the output with expected results for inverse logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   flattens
truth:  verifying   output

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   contrasts
truth:  sign   digest

test:  enable the rdp service and make sure access to the rdp port is disabled in the firewall configuration .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  a decorator that makes a function or a transaction .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  make sure the whitespace at the end of a substring .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dummy function to display the backwards commands .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  encodes string value to base64 format .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  pickle   bench
truth:  pickle   value

test:  merge the data from a list of dicts into one .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  copy   svn
truth:  copy   dicts

test:  check if object is mt .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  check   profile
truth:  check   theme

test:  filter out nonsemantic nodes from a file .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  adds a message to the logs buffer if it cant be passed .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  adds   checking
truth:  adds   logs

test:  check if all apps have been changed .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  contact a keyspace if it exists in a cassandra keyspace .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  check   sorting
truth:  check   keyspace

test:  reduce a sequence of "remainder s into a complete python values .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  reduces   exposes
truth:  reduces   values

test:  check for certain privileges of the outcome do not throw an exception .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  returns a list of partitions from a partition of partition .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  pulls   collects
truth:  pulls   count

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return the file closest to use in the given file .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return full error message to console .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  get a color value which has the given name .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  send the locale links .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  test unique join inputs .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   input_string
truth:  test   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  inner binary classification i .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  turn a logger or list of paths into a logger .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  closes   lets
truth:  closes   handler

test:  links are in the same draft for an open page .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  check that mysql mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   fleiss
truth:  check   mysql

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test cases of the cache .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  ensure we get compile error in tricky error .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   capturing
truth:  ensure   error

test:  move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  returns the evaluated function that satisfies the standard error of the second kind .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  reads the binary classification scalings .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   see
truth:  compute   factors

test:  returns the current git config .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  based   pulls
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the day of a newly day .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  inner functions of 32-bits containing a this:: .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  solves   construct
truth:  solves   kind

test:  same as amo-validator .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  output a method to cache the results of any callable .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  cache   forms
truth:  cache   result

test:  return a http server and stop resources .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  check the must be supported in the list of s_one_set .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  get the creation thickness .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   from_value
truth:  get   cascade

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return secret_key of your app .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   mutes
truth:  return   app

test:  determine main loop action to use when referenced a file .
truth: main loop . 
test:  loop   chown
truth:  loop   loop

test:  makes an http request via an ec2 api .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   parse
truth:  perform   jid

test:  create a template from a file or a template .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  require   bartels
truth:  require   contents

test:  return the maximum of the minimum dyadic of a frame in the frame .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   formatted
truth:  computes   rate

test:  downgrade a v3 task for chooses changes chart with optional v3 "less .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  set all virtual server info cli example: .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  efficiently multiply f by x**n in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   solving
truth:  evaluate   composition

test:  add some python files .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  combine   unmask
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a path separator in the full path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  updates logic .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  try to truncate the given branch using the main database .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  encode a sequence of two-element tuples of a list of two-element tuples .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns whether the object is a descriptor .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  return a list of raw users .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  opencl get_work_dim() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a mountroot for use in tests .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  returns the imports of all available project .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  shortcut   permutes
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  return the *frac* matrix in sparse matrices with n elements of a sparse matrix .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  compute partitions partitions from a list of connectivity .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  specify   regroup
truth:  specify   subsets

test:  load an email token from the swiping key in the now .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  retrieves   enhanced
truth:  retrieves   object

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  test   analyze
truth:  test   copy

test:  merge the volume bindings to an existing volume .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  creates projects groups as a group .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   autoreleased
truth:  creates   types

test:  read kit data from fif file .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  enqueue a send flag email flag for the given exploration id .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  adds   coordinates
truth:  adds   exploration

test:  return the value of a first kind of b .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  start a worker in a given process .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  return the right test filenames of a file .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  determine if a structure of the item structure why the specified memlen .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  verify   offset
truth:  verify   parameters

test:  check two lists of old agree .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   decoding
truth:  check   lists

test:  strip a value if it exists .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  parse a xenserver address string into a dict .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  strips   exposes
truth:  strips   values

test:  return the default locale name for the current request .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  default   raise
truth:  default   term

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  view that returns a product of all the products .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   pulls
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  make an image by name .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  walk a directory .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  contructs a lineage of the block of the given block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns the default thread deadline for use when creating default values for this request .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns the version of the named package version .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  decorator that ensures that functions that rely on pointer .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the current time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  retrieve   support
truth:  retrieve   time

test:  reindex a single proxies of obj .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  create a password for authentication .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to aws walrus :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  send db create to the db .
truth: send create database . 
test:  send   responds
truth:  send   database

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  get a list of existing ssh public ip addresses .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  this is called only when the server starts "cold" .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return one of the vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   dos
truth:  return   search

test:  copy a file or a folder from the file system .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  locate a package from lvm cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this returns the result of the settings from the provided uuid file .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  gets   understemmed
truth:  gets   results

test:  return the config csv file to use .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   track
truth:  get   top

test:  list profiles for profiles in profiles .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   unmask
truth:  list   profiles

test:  return dictionary with information about databases extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  simple dict of python types .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  builds   teardown
truth:  builds   type

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list the docker prefix for a docker host .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  prefix   raising
truth:  prefix   docker

test:  return the request instance .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a factory function that instantiates the grabbing function and the grabbing result .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  wrap   spawns
truth:  wrap   endpoint

test:  convert list *obj* to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  lead field sums .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  pulls   waveform
truth:  pulls   products

test:  static view .
truth: module view . 
test:  module   usage_key_string
truth:  module   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  command   compose
truth:  command   usage

test:  wraps a technical 500 error response .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a long integer into an integer .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  gets an event on an event in a pagerduty event .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  print the zca components of x components of a principal type .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  returns a in/out snippet by a given field in the curve .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   small_stmts
truth:  compute   line

test:  return a pattern by name .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  search   shared
truth:  search   string

test:  trims the smallest and largest data values along the given axis .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   restoring
truth:  trims   data

test:  find the score of the markov distribution .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  computes the capped absolute error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  perform a hash on a byte string .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  display   temperature
truth:  display   date

test:  formats a string representation of an image table .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   autoencoder
truth:  write   xml

test:  gets the running pipeline with proper separator .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   reported
truth:  checks   function

test:  send an image to a sympy file .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  connect to the named configuration .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  return a signature scheme object pss_sigscheme that can be used to perform pkcs#1 pss signature or verification .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  const_value : intconstant | list_type | set_type | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears a database upon the current dag instances .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  remove   borrowed
truth:  remove   instances

test:  return an object by name .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  get   loved
truth:  get   doc

test:  makes sure s is a boolean string .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  return a tuple of tuples from a tree .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  upload a file to image .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the current username for the minion .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  test installing a package with a expected tokenizer .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  fetch a data structure of the application indexes .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  test that the original test suite can be loaded .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   tear
truth:  test   module

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  creates a new bit array out of the given integer .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the tag tag that is used to provide a structured node for the given tag .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  get a list of available inventory inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  download the given data to a file for a given coord file .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  returns the configured site-packages cache of a finder .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return a users public stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  train a boolean specifying the correct type of tests .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a string with unicode separator as a list of datetimes .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove a block device mapping from the provided device .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  send   reassemble
truth:  send   compute

test:  decorator for logging message to the positional level of a function .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  add   reported
truth:  add   function

test:  check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  return a datetime object for the given month .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  return the date out of a certificate .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  creates a dict from a list of closed issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  convert   augments
truth:  convert   issues

test:  return a currently active context for a grain .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  multiply the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  applies   bench
truth:  applies   value

test:  an example template filenames from a directory .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  yield   prettyprint
truth:  yield   examples

test:  pass in a session to the google_calendar_devices .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  function enforces non-null value for pairs field .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  function   flattening
truth:  function   field

test:  decorate a function to be a hybrid .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  make   loved
truth:  make   doc

test:  splituser --> host .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set up footer for configuration .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  configures   aliased
truth:  configures   json

test:  changes the named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  solves the diophantine equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  sync icon from dumpe2fs to all modules .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  sync   mutes
truth:  sync   app

test:  extract images from a binary image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extract   dumping
truth:  extract   patch

test:  returns the backend entry for the given backend .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  default   fold
truth:  default   backend

test:  only load if the dockerng execution module is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  run optimised in default mode .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   based
truth:  converts   address

test:  return the text value .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return binary path to the unix executable in the path as the path of the executable cli example: .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  prefix   authorizes
truth:  prefix   command

test:  running "harvest" with verbosity 3 mappings limit .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  retrieve the service tags for a service this should be imported from the documentation for a service .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   building
truth:  check   tag

test:  return the best timestamp in spend .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  displays a cluster depths for the filters .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  generate names of the same shape as closing sparse matrix .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  train against the plots at the plots against the plots .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  allow for the language specified in the language code .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  replacement for font-family .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  compiles   rising
truth:  compiles   group

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   shut
truth:  register   checker

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  returns two lists of ndarrays that are equal to either one of the two lists .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  return   chisquare
truth:  return   tuples

test:  recursively wipe a job in the disk image .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  wipe   pulls
truth:  wipe   null

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   printing
truth:  return   locale

test:  create a fake repository that is already in a hierarchy .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  get the integer word of the line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   calculates
truth:  get   vertex

test:  @url a list of @url .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  failed   deregister
truth:  failed   jobs

test:  returns the calculated margin for a geometry and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  removes a given plugin from the user .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  removes   identifies
truth:  removes   plugin

test:  normalizes a normalized leaf .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  change   looking
truth:  change   operator

test:  return image shape with shape for the same shape .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  get   restrict
truth:  get   array

test:  return the number of followers of the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   bench
truth:  synthesize   value

test:  create a bunch of prettytables .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  parse an sample id into a map file .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parses   optdict
truth:  parses   lines

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  send an instance to pending @receiver .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  adding the gradient of a frame to a given frame .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   increment
truth:  returns   gradient

test:  return the path to the unix executable .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  test if source date is a repository date .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   add
truth:  test   ps

test:  create a snapshot of images using the requested thread .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a "wordpress link" example headers we can parse: link: <url rel=shortlink .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   install
truth:  extract   response

test:  print out the given iterable of objects in 79 .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  load ip addresses from cidr nodes .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  load   scaled
truth:  load   queue

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   switch
truth:  removes   list

test:  performs a database connection .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  get list of pull request modified by pr .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  make   unparsing
truth:  make   git

test:  send a "magic packet" to a device cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  sets the service name for the thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  test that the completion of the system is in the path .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  is   downgrades
truth:  is   point

test:  imports from a file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  tests for a ask with a ask .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  start the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  creates an xml string for the given xml target class or returns it .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  morerules : morerules | ruleitem | morerules | testlist | morerules mult expr | testlist > testlist | morerules | morerules | morerules .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  unload metadefinitions from the ipython ipython pages .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  unload   attempt
truth:  unload   extension

test:  add number of security group in a group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   put
truth:  count   rules

test:  plot multiple influence plots .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   pushing
truth:  plot   model

test:  copy a file to a remote tunnel file .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  test fit with bound for the project that identifies the test case .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  parses all available vm images .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  set   exit
truth:  set   handling

test:  formats a number of all number of groups for preserves a given phone number of groups .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  return the chi-square form of findloadednames object .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  shear random julian with the same covariance .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  carves up a mime_type for a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  run a synchronous query w/ the tests .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   xlsx
truth:  run   query

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add allocated_id to the meta table in the meta table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   search
truth:  add   d

test:  yaml: builds sets the value of a build build step to generate a simple build process .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  pulls   proposed
truth:  pulls   chain

test:  atom : tuple | .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   pulls
truth:  atom   null

test:  returns a list of paragraphs to a list of paragraphs .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  returns   re
truth:  returns   paragraphs

test:  returns a redirect user if fallback was loaded or fallback .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  recursively resolves an object to a python object .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   enhanced
truth:  resolve   object

test:  returns a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  takes a incron file to be changed by the users concatenating cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  create a new project for the specified project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  create filename for a test filename .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  extract the id of corpus for the given maxid .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  convert a linecollection to a text3d object .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   dumping
truth:  convert   patch

test:  parse a username/credentials out of renewal configuration definitions .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   float
truth:  returns   decorator

test:  generate a unique digest of the specified object and digest of the hash .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  pull changes made by pull requires the given pull .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  receive   prioritized
truth:  receive   messages

test:  abs(z) whether a list is same .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  given a sequence of detrending and a split_name zoneinfo .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   analyzes
truth:  set   size

test:  issue a receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  generates a classmethod for a template from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  checks if a test is a tty .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  trigger   reencrypt
truth:  trigger   start

test:  progressively - [0 .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   grab
truth:  pulls   val

test:  returns a a string from a c_name table .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  method that the expr has been supplied .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  expand the amount of indentation into a opposite version .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  view decorator form of user .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  display   does
truth:  display   tweets

test:  checks whether the pseudorandom appears to be a valid ip address network device .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   xlsx
truth:  match   query

test:  register a encoder/decoder function that will be executed by the given function when referenced by an decode_fs_path .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  levi-civita -> symmetric .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  pulls   duplicates
truth:  pulls   symbol

test:  get the remote method info from a remote object .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using complete .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get whether the user has currently configured emails .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  parse a content-type like 5 .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  bins -> str create a bar chart using a provided range .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return the minimum of a function of one variable .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  given   reported
truth:  given   function

test:  validate the settings against the django settings stored in the settings .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  download a handle to a handle to a file .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  download   remote
truth:  download   httpresponse

test:  convert a version string to a python version string spaces become dots .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  parse a tvdb_id .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parses   stream
truth:  parses   returns

test:  perform multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   unignores
truth:  perform   patches

test:  returns a sizer for a message field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  creates a storage object from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  returns the size of a directed graph between two nodes in a graph .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  get the environment overrides for jinja jinja .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  get   accept
truth:  get   env

test:  get a libvirtconfigguestinterface configuration file for applications in the import directory .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  cast obj to unicode string .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  look up a table in the database .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  helper for escaping .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  takes   fileformat
truth:  takes   self

test:  check to see if the modules are available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns text annotations as a single string .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  helper function for the given module and subscribes to it .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  extract common subrois from a given file of indices parameters data : bool filepath to load .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  handle of the list of strings .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the hypervolume hypervolume in the given ref .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a string representing a phone number for the specified string only .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  insert   sparks
truth:  insert   number

test:  set subscription subscription .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  return the current location as a dictionary .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  guesses   widening
truth:  guesses   location

test:  test filtfilt class with a continuous matrix .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tweak
truth:  test   replacement

test:  tests if the moonish goes are called without performing the same instants and the same instants of the coordinate graph to make sure that the same w .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  validates   synchronize
truth:  validates   addresses

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  get the signature signature in a http .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  generates a sorted list of factors factors of the varnishadm way .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  sort   scans
truth:  sort   pairs

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  convert escalation_rules character sequence to hex format .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  get a pickle to the access file from a google vm .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  use   supplied
truth:  use   api

test:  setup a wsgi security group .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   pulls
truth:  clear   null

test:  create directory log .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  store a certificate from a store store name the certificate to store store store store store store store the certificate to store store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  add method to the content in this method .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   specifies
truth:  add   methods

test:  require the afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  compute the typical func of the ranges when referenced is true .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  connect to the replica set .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   downgrades
truth:  insert   point

test:  plot ccpr plots according to the generate plot name .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  add a url to a url .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  add   paginated
truth:  add   nzb

test:  ensure that creation a url .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  this schema ensures that the names of deployed that we need to be attached against .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  import   restoring
truth:  import   data

test:  create a dumb dumb matrix that maps linear and y .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   debugging
truth:  generates   dataset

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   assume
truth:  accepts   header

test:  return processes information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  find the resolver .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  check if a cert status is passing a passing of status code .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  given   point
truth:  given   status

test:  convert address to the address type .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  in non-blocking should raise a repositorynotfound exception .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  tests   expected
truth:  tests   stack

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  a list of tasks tasks .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  list   shift
truth:  list   tasks

test:  recursively list all of all files under the given directory .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  test that selectionchanged is not a needed for each model in the model .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  this function clips the entropy of a useful for k .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  returns   feed
truth:  returns   entropy

test:  returns true if the node is a valid acceptable node .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  projects   determine
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes belonging to a image .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  query   aligns
truth:  query   volume

test:  return the platform to use in the process e e e e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  fake id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   linkify
truth:  generate   integer

test:  assert that the tpotclassifier predict function outputs a tpot pipeline for a fixed pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  get the description for a particular second .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  split a wordpress token into a list of non-empty tuples .
truth: take a token . 
test:  take   scop
truth:  take   token

test:  returns a list of ntp peers on the device peers .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   decline
truth:  returns   ntp

test:  return a list of the first bounds of bounds .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  convert   returned
truth:  convert   numbers

test:  read 32bit transform from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   labels
truth:  read   transform

test:  list all prereg landing data that a campaign will be created by a given campaign .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  landing   bring
truth:  landing   page

test:  indent text into a list of words .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  parse one of the dsk2 header .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   assure
truth:  parse   challenge

test:  saves the results on a predictions file .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  given   forbids
truth:  given   predictions

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  add a package to the database via a watch only .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  return a list of all containers on the cloud provider .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  returns   paste
truth:  returns   containers

test:  returns a tuple for the given kind of a datastore key .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  bayesian information criterion or schwarz criterion parameters f : float estimate of the features for the number of observations in the multivariate polynomials are calculated .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  parses a hex escape sequence in a replacement string .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   reveal
truth:  parses   sequence

test:  convert strings to strings .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  executes a classical banded items between two individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  this method will checkout an shoppingcart dependency or shoppingcart method .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  create   limiting
truth:  create   order

test:  return a reverse domain name in the correct ipv6 address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this makes a model class that tests what we need to convert the path of an exception .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   safe_octal
truth:  test   class

test:  get the footer of the form required to hold the footer .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  append   sampled
truth:  append   footer

test:  convert a graph to a list of attributes .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  lookup   stores
truth:  lookup   name

test:  the signal-to-noise ratio of the input data .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  calculates   dumps
truth:  calculates   signal

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  write the pid to disk .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   snaps
truth:  write   pid

test:  returns true if the node is a phrase r: node .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  pulls   safe_peekline
truth:  pulls   star

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get the spider loader class from the given path .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  return a context manager that temporarily sets numba config variable *name* to *value* .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   updates
truth:  builds   wsgi

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   completes
truth:  creates   budget

test:  convert an integer to a varint and write it using a varint .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  get latex document from a document .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns whether source string is a valid source .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  ensures that theres theres translate strips as the end of the type passed in the input dictionary passed as possible .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  takes   lstrip
truth:  takes   set

test:  returns an ordereddict of how many blocks a dict containing a list of summary .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns the product of two entity in the given list .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob with a given cloud storage .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  ensure the cg source is a fif file name .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  ensure   unlocking
truth:  ensure   source

test:  return the difference of the difference between the two distributions .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   nested
truth:  return   segment

test:  create an entry for this script based on the target .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  execute   prettify
truth:  execute   process

test:  helper function for executing a batch .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  launch a network with the given username .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  launch   clones
truth:  launch   server

test:  read and append requests into proppatch .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   assign
truth:  read   requests

test:  test using its area method .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a halt service cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  find a unicode(e) server for a network .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  find   killed
truth:  find   network

test:  serve html textbooks .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  display   digs
truth:  display   html

test:  loads a library .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  set the value of a given page to save the specified value .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  retrieve the comment from the provided comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  record   iterates
truth:  record   comment

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   clustered
truth:  test   equations

test:  create a file at path .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  a decorator which asserts that the process with name is called when he is .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the hash of the named file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  create a parenthesised .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check whether a process is alive .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  name   flip
truth:  name   python

test:  change the specified user to the database .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  patch   pulls
truth:  patch   null

test:  return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about the given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  test for completion found in the expression .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  decorator that checks if all of the mime type is available .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test for #148 .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  concatenate inputs into a numpy array .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the list of all compute nodes for a given local id .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  compute the exploration summary of the provided contributors .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  st st content is one of the filter .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  extract   deconvolves
truth:  extract   level

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  gunzip the data as a file-like object and return as as as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   restoring
truth:  gunzip   data

test:  expression : expression + expression | expression / expression | expression times expression | expression / expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  set the image as uploaded .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  pulls   drops
truth:  pulls   call

test:  split a list into a list of fixtures_dict .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start command to run the heap java server .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  main section of the main process .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  run   refresh
truth:  run   scripts

test:  make sure the url list is available .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  ensure that the named host is absent name the name of the user to remove user the host to connect as host the host of the user host the host
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  this function is where a file is actually a set of modules .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation build .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  create the spider for the given request .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   regularized
truth:  create   spider

test:  attempt to ping a ping on the host cli example: .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  simulate international translation by generating n strings corresponding to pull strings .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  pull   gauss
truth:  pull   strings

test:  get the number of country for a phone number .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  gets   teardown
truth:  gets   type

test:  calculate the checksum for a character .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  calculates   preprocessing
truth:  calculates   char

test:  wrap multiple lines at length level .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse a time string into a :class:datetime .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  get the remote token to app engine public_key - sent to or remote server .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  returns the number of var(p) intersections of two proportions .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that passing html column in fill_values should only replace matching columns or values .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get a set of environment which have been added in the redirect .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this function parses an accept header as a list of {expression}s values .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   approve
truth:  parses   *

test:  runs all accuracy of a filesystem accuracy .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  version of string .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  generate some nt complements cw .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  construct the security group id of a specific search-related id .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  get   proposed
truth:  get   chain

test:  returns a new theano shape containing a theano shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   transliterate
truth:  returns   variable

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when the --continue-on-collection-errors flag is set .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  verify   binhexed
truth:  verify   tests

test:  return the instances of an instance .
truth: given an object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  this method will try to guess whether or not have a given user .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  create grammar .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  returns true if g has mutating mutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  determines   compresses
truth:  determines   statement

test:  converts a piece-wise value to a millisecond task object .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  return the degree of the first degree in an degree matrix .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  finds   preface
truth:  finds   degree

test:  function that converts the fastq fasta file and add to its fastq' .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  called when the mapping of a function is true or contains main loop .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute nth moment for a given evaluation .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   dataset
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that blockdevicedeployer calculates certain datasets in a certain circumstance .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  convert a list of urls that have allowed to a realm .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  is   access
truth:  is   url

test:  registers allow unicode function for the given unicode module .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  registers   pulls
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture providing a topic forum for a test cases .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  pulls   stops
truth:  pulls   topic

test:  setup a demo ip addresses .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel functions jn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  component_review $ algorithm to include sequence .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  map   controls
truth:  map   ids

test:  create dask array of dask space with dtype dask .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  returns a list of the server and health health .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  return   memoizing
truth:  return   health

test:  generate a test case where self is the given .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  returns the throughputs for a given dataset .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator that ensures that the user is not set in .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  runs the database .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  cleanup   registering
truth:  cleanup   views

test:  lettuce update is checked through lettuce steps .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  return a form for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return all the status of all users reachable netstats .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  builds a config file and returns the specified target application .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   roundrobin
truth:  load   application

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  ensure we have negative numbers with zero coefficients .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a decorator which ensures all validation errors .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  allocate eip id using vpc id .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  pulls   reissues
truth:  pulls   eip

test:  test invalid operands ironpython is invalid on demand .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   dispatch
truth:  test   operators

test:  adds user to a user .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   pending
truth:  add   default

test:  returns the arch kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  log into event .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  logs   wait
truth:  logs   servers

test:  store one or more widgets widgets .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  pulls   entries
truth:  pulls   review

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  function   skips
truth:  function   connections

test:  return the immediate children of the given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   banned
truth:  return   children

test:  get the status dict of a group from the input group .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  mock scenario .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  sets   hanging
truth:  sets   variables

test:  calculate the relative maxima of data (and - 0 .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  compute   asserts
truth:  compute   diff

test:  load the embedded ecdsa key of the specified key .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return the url for a static accepted .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  create a fake string of length n .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the williams of the second kind .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   translated
truth:  return   g

test:  register a hosting for validating the cloud service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   chew
truth:  register   service

test:  make k values smaller than full covariance between ieqcons and full values .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   optimizes
truth:  return   reservations

test:  a page to mimic testing the looking error page .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  given a list of nodes from text .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  using   looping
truth:  using   node

test:  clears the user info from the users of this equations .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   modbus
truth:  clears   cookie

test:  return a list of all leaking objects of the gc with a list of objects .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  returns pmf to create a dict where the labels labels are found .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  returns   quotes
truth:  returns   map

test:  initialize a pair of name=value models and their status .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  creates   teardown
truth:  creates   type

test:  return current par2 of an error .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  run   receiving
truth:  run   js

test:  write a stream at the specified stream .
truth: like write . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  builds the operations adding desired criterion to given campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   break
truth:  builds   operations

test:  open an image into a file in the given mode cli example: .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  initialize markdown from the given nzb .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  loads   solve
truth:  loads   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  we always change the messages .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  pulls   surrounding
truth:  pulls   processor

test:  wait until the system has completed .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   cie
truth:  wait   predicate

test:  convert uuid from hex format to hex format .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  setup -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return the tree of a list of .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  lists wiki templates templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  group the file or directory of a file .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the xdg cache directory .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return information about a specified raid device cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  report   grouping
truth:  report   system

test:  add extra ngram sequences to be indexed for scheduled versions .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  get the resource auth of a public auth request .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  parses a character set .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   urlencode
truth:  parses   item

test:  returns a number formatted as a string .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  to suspend a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  suspend   hostname
truth:  suspend   vm

test:  ensure that the state of all containers exist in a particular state .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  stop   unpatch
truth:  stop   matching

test:  change the system state to use .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   easing
truth:  change   runlevel

test:  signals in stdout if were using a deprecated function .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  get a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  combine zero or more games into one big player sequence containing game .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  returns a set of number of set of bits that are same as ipv4 address .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  check to see if a cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the argument name of the function .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  return   overlay
truth:  return   func

test:  render config from a config file and return none :arg bool true or false .
truth: render config template . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  get the backend class for the given module .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  get artist names of block names in a block of packages .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  suggest   encapsulates
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id for the release of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  validate that the limit of the template limit is valid .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   storing
truth:  validate   template

test:  tests if the decimal decimal field matches the right decimal .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove special folders which have created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  build an option from a given wire dynamically which implements the wire object .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  serve the source file of a public by the given source file .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   pulls
truth:  serve   null

test:  generate some file name in the given template .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test that reader correctly set up after the current processs code is passed in code .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dictionary of normal queue with the specified queue .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  converts   scaled
truth:  converts   queue

test:  returns a encoded article to the article .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  set the verbose e .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   lowercases
truth:  set   verbose

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  convert x to a python relationship .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  evaluate   pulls
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  format a size matches .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  train a set of point into one with cipher .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  do   retrieved
truth:  do   iteration

test:  split a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  split   teardown
truth:  split   type

test:  create a new status request .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pending
truth:  creates   default

test:  return volumes that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   subtracts
truth:  return   backups

test:  return the simple normal distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  assuming   named
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   simulating
truth:  encodes   input

test:  helper to check if namespace is available .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  reset sql queries in the database .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  executes   setup
truth:  executes   equivalent

test:  creates a new test to use as a dictionary for blockdevicedeployer tests that creation using the correct blockdevicedeployer .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  alternative relu implementation parameters x: tensor variable .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   reported
truth:  rectified   function

test:  return the image description of the given image dict .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  update the specified host or list of host_names .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   terminate
truth:  update   password

test:  copy extras of a file .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  return current administrative server .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  format the money connection to the specified currency .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate swirl clip by given rotation matrix .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  perform   combine
truth:  perform   transformation

test:  return the cached requirements for a specific requirements file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  add an indexed paths to the path .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   ip
truth:  add   paths

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  projects key for a protobuf into a list of filenames .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  builds a new network attach spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  return the hexadecimal sequence of the corpus .
truth: print returns . 
test:  print   stream
truth:  print   returns

test:  test that a bug is properly skipped .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  internal helper function to encrypt an encrypted dict with the given key .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return the url without the url or the path or the first part of a path .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  updates the users viewpoint metadata .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   post_save
truth:  updates   metadata

test:  tests that we find numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  load all certificates for a given directory .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   review
truth:  load   keys

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  iterate over all format in the format of a given module .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  add a value to the end of a dictionary .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  returns the users state handler for the particular course id .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  normalized mutual information between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  normalized   tile
truth:  normalized   information

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  this is a helper method to generate a new tag that writes the file with the provided name .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  calculate the meg field or electric potential forward field .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  do   flattening
truth:  do   field

test:  return the number of os x transfer function containing the most recent files split .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  invalid arguments disassociate address .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  disassociate   reissues
truth:  disassociate   eip

test:  send an answer to the answer .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  cotangent of univariate polynomials using horner method .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  bound for oscar of cosine matrices .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  yaml: compliant compliant project reports with build .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  convenience function to find the interfaces of a given command .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  a simple wrapper around :func:rol .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the area of two tensors .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  compares   sleeps
truth:  compares   equality

test:  gethostbyname_ex -> return the true host name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return a list of datacenters .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   allocate
truth:  ensuring   user

test:  returns a tuple of the returned scheme .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  elementwise sign function .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  regression test for interactive files in a gui .
truth: gui test . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of the configured location in this region .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  add a new floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   embedded
truth:  updates   example

test:  returns a component of component events from a list of events .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  given   msg
truth:  given   component

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  delete a key cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   containing
truth:  deletes   ip

test:  return the minions instance for the passed vm data .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  checks if the crypto library is available .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  checks   constrained
truth:  checks   functions

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  wrapper to encode a handler for printing the standard output template .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  construct   export
truth:  construct   tuple

test:  returns the group from the type of a type type .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  get   default
truth:  get   part

test:  find all files under a given eps by a particular entry point .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  pull   related
truth:  pull   supervisor

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  return much table sample metadata for the given otu vector .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  make   declared
truth:  make   samples

test:  retrieve the path to the target directory .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  generates   reveal
truth:  generates   sequence

test:  add a new home .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  converts a string argument to a binary string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  quote -> abc%20def each part of the string s .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  ensure   exposes
truth:  ensure   values

test:  create a user from the postgres group .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  authorize a cache security group from a cache security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  authorize   killed
truth:  authorize   network

test:  widget tool to merge tool and ids .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  sorts a list of tasks in the current database .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  get a formatted datetime .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  compute mutual incoherence scaling x .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey in a simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  tests   flattening
truth:  tests   field

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  yaml: gatling send files or override environment variables to the whole build bundle .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup the eq-3 ble thermostats .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   leave
truth:  set   switch

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   based
truth:  represent   address

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   resamples
truth:  get   zones

test:  returns the ip address contained in the remote_addr header .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  returns a serialization representation of cls .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  compute a secure .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  pulls   reshapes
truth:  pulls   serialization

test:  returns true if the survey is required in the course that will required survey to see if the required survey is invalid in the required survey .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   remap
truth:  returns   survey

test:  like unicode/str/bytes .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  skip a table nontrivial if it exists .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  helper function that wraps cross validation .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  returns a formatted best local time in a zone .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  compares   suggests
truth:  compares   timezone

test:  contributors and change contributors .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  returns an array of evenly spaced values within a given interval .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  index page: display all orders .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   bring
truth:  index   page

test:  list contents of a given environment .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  filter   plot
truth:  filter   apps

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   guessing
truth:  clean   namespace

test:  logs out the user to be logged in .
truth: log out . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  list media instance in media list of view the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  return a numpy array with the same hue .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if the given request is an role on the given request .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  ensure that given existing database is absent name the groupname of the user to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  display a list of review denied columns belonging to a particular site .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  check if current system is default .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  checks   paging
truth:  checks   interface

test:  wait for a user to complete .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  saves   widgets
truth:  saves   responses

test:  show the available bokehjs bokehjs .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  print   tile
truth:  print   information

test:  read the virtual resource from a docker file .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  returns   choice
truth:  returns   formats

test:  test a column that has a leading issues the target matrix of some issues .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default return code .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  return a path to the appropriate driver for a given region .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns a list with the directory that contains the alternate pyinstaller hook for kivy .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  do a sequence of sequences of the form portion of a sequence .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  insert   maps
truth:  insert   locations

test:  find the minimal relationship for a given message object .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  iterate   pulls
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return information about a package from the database .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  returns list of variables to include a list of variables .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  gives   step
truth:  gives   names

test:  get a list of dictionaries .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  also work on a call to crash inplace -> remove0 .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  parse   merge
truth:  parse   iso

test:  displays whether sleep button can sleep the power button .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   follows
truth:  displays   button

test:  run one or more commands if necessary .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  handle   optimized
truth:  handle   script

test:  create a fake app instance configured with testing .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   mutes
truth:  creates   app

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  generate and build_xmlrpc a url to be authorized and user oauth token .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generates   allocate
truth:  generates   user

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  load the specified module from the given path .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  decorator that checks if the user is supported .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  automatically authenticate on pending lookups .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  appends a chain to a dict .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the current configuration version .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  return the current describing problem in the current tap window .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  format timestamp for display .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  formats   r^2
truth:  formats   form

test:  call thing in thing if args is not a user .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  pulls   appending
truth:  pulls   thing

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   exposes
truth:  marks   values

test:  order all activities into a package in a particular package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  place   unescaped
truth:  place   entries

test:  check docstring docstring .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  revoke a cache security group from a previously running security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   killed
truth:  revoke   network

test:  stop and try to get error .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determines if the request user is an action that the user under which the request indicates that the user will access to the request user .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  determines   allocate
truth:  determines   user

test:  probability group rank for ros .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  pulls   align
truth:  pulls   observation

test:  call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and templates in the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  returns the my .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  create a new iscsi target .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the vdi of a disk image .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  determine if the device has valid successfully partitions .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  checks   emulate
truth:  checks   disk

test:  test interpolate stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  format dtdelta routine for sqlite .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it doesnt segfault when input fails .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  formats a packed byte string as a packed byte string .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   height
truth:  create   lot

test:  clean up the node .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  returns a carrier description for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  converts the slice of a python string into a slice .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   be
truth:  remove   acl

test:  execute sql sql statement into database .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  convert a tuple to a float if c is defined .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  stretch   utf-8
truth:  stretch   argument

test:  return the url without downloading the given argument .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of operation in the operation .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   colored
truth:  monitor   operation

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  check if its string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return a dict with attributes of the given namespace .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  add introspection top level and the user to the given event loop .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  return   rfc
truth:  return   distance

test:  delete a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  list network interfaces within the given call .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   encapsulate
truth:  sets   instance

test:  test that boot gives the attribute of an optional codes .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  this is an 302 variable .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  fill   pulls
truth:  fill   null

test:  creates a new image for the given figure .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  build an cythonize configuration in the correct directory for a specific build files .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get complex by radius .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   confine
truth:  get   xmlelement

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  returns the hash token of a token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  hash   scop
truth:  hash   token

test:  create a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  return the first file data from a url .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  fetch all tests from a module .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  map   tear
truth:  map   module

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   randomise
truth:  fake   message

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  get   orthoganlize
truth:  get   hash

test:  add availability ami to an instance .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  run   encapsulate
truth:  run   instance

test:  returns the serialization statement for atomic covering a string .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test core with core rows using core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   hydrate
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons central parameters logbase .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return tool dict for tool .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  parses the parsed file info from the provided upload file .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  get a backup for the given backup .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the success level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  return weeks as days .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   gives
truth:  return   days

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fetches a message from the database for the given thread .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   randomise
truth:  fetches   message

test:  retrieve all the composite settings for a particular type .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   undo
truth:  refresh   grains

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  check that the oxml search actions in the search .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  rename a notification lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  rename   pulls
truth:  rename   null

test:  some nice can be cleaned up with a nice message .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  add search to an index or definitions .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  transform   bump
truth:  transform   definitions

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return true if the object has a known known klass .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  returns   ayoung
truth:  returns   base

test:  deserialize a stream or a string from the given stream .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  print out the same stream as a test .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   blacklisted
truth:  print   attachments

test:  create a new json index for the given storage role .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  check to see if a vlan exists on the cluster .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  take a --source file of config or a lobster config file as a list of namedtuples .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  set the contentstore .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  import the given exception name in the range .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  build   recreate
truth:  build   portion

test:  return the symmetric parameter for the interface .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  return   serve
truth:  return   mod

test:  retrieve the status of a url from a given url .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  sets the modules .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  test that using astropy .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  read   unsqueeze
truth:  read   fixtures

test:  check if a string is uuid and if uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  parses a query string as a boolean value .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  read in the [] .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  explode   server_root
truth:  explode   opts

test:  list all managed managed servers configured by their name or return a list of all managed servers .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  manage   wait
truth:  manage   servers

test:  parse an expression into an expression .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   sums
truth:  parse   expression

test:  return a callback chart using the @help chart data .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  displays the entries in the approximate to the newer .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  return   copies
truth:  return   clusters

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   grouping
truth:  set   system

test:  change frequency of daily thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   heres
truth:  change   frequency

test:  call this test to see if the unicode folders attribute should be used it from an engine shell .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  processes a single image using a small thread .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  given   forwards
truth:  given   image

test:  returns a queryset of changes from a given model .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  return   unrooted
truth:  return   differences

test:  parse the field for a key cli examples: .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  extract labels and replaces them with tag and returns the same path .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  create an keypress .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  time   support
truth:  time   time

test:  create a tag in an s3 tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   unparsing
truth:  creates   git

test:  returns the url for a backend [instance] in the dev_appserver .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send email addresses .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  pulls   factorize
truth:  pulls   verification

test:  get the path to the assets directory path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   suggest
truth:  get   folder

test:  show all the figures and enter the most recent images .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  provide a phone number to a number of digits .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  checks   sparks
truth:  checks   number

test:  return the parent of the current process of the process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  is   dumping
truth:  is   patch

test:  return a graph of length from an adjacency matrix of length l .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   publish
truth:  creates   graph

test:  cc-establishment a style dict from the documentlistentry attribute declined .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return a list of length n from user .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  test that pydotprint does not crash with long .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  parses env variables and returns its environment vars by environment vars .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  removed files from a given node .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  listens   failed
truth:  listens   contributor

test:  converts a datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  gets   temperature
truth:  gets   date

test:  get a list of disk ids .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  return ripple if data is ripple .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   hsv
truth:  load   grammar

test:  returns from a path .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  step 4 replaces -ic .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  run the right command .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   flattens
truth:  run   output

test:  like node can only allow overriding to a like parent directory .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   looping
truth:  like   node

test:  replacement for the multi_returner which contains the filters pages .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  configures   obj
truth:  configures   filters

test:  execute command output .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  writes a new base module information on the gpg applications .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  make sure an iterator is not an xblock of another element .
truth: like zip . 
test:  like   blink
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   shed
truth:  transform   exception

test:  return the path for a resource .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  convert a size in bytes into megabytes .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  simple wrapper to run a remote file and add it to the filters .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   unescaped
truth:  generates   entries

test:  clears a previously registered layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clear   step
truth:  clear   names

test:  return a boolean value with all unicode fields in the given kind .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  returns   flow
truth:  returns   fields

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  call this function before sections of the previous image .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  return   ssl
truth:  return   errors

test:  wrapper around str that allows you to construct a unicode instance .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  handle fully tracked aiff .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  convenience function to ignore keywords that match a string .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  filter all instances that match the given expression name .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  filter   guessing
truth:  filter   namespace

test:  load the data as a dataset using the gzip content data .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  receive the compiler tree from the given tree .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  expand   exception
truth:  expand   macros

test:  test decimate of surfaces .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   splitting
truth:  test   surface

test:  setup logging with the provided options .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  configure   forbid
truth:  configure   options

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  register   enter
truth:  register   serializer

test:  converts a datetime to a datetime for datastore storage .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  ensure   img
truth:  ensure   compiler

test:  tear down test fixtures .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  test   unlinks
truth:  test   fixture

test:  return the area of the underlying level images .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  import a dsa into a hash .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   listen
truth:  import   key

test:  given two lists .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   eliminates
truth:  finds   elements

test:  check if we get an exception status .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  keep   bench
truth:  keep   value

test:  returns the storage url of the xml files .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   building
truth:  returns   tag

test:  return headers with the given http response body .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  retrieves   stubbed
truth:  retrieves   headers

test:  process the file and return as list of file paths .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   emulate
truth:  reads   disk

test:  return the path where the directory for .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  yaml: zeromq zeromq event pull requests requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  convert a human readable string into a human readable format .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  chisquare goodness-of-fit test the null hypothesis is that the distance between the observed distribution and the observed frequencies is invalid result of the observed frequencies is invalid or kl is
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  pulls   integrating
truth:  pulls   scipy

test:  setup the itunes sensor .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  strip array at the first managed files in the lxml .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  returns a inner letters of the given :code:<your .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns the ciphertext for the given aggregate functions .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  find the full path of a python file in the given path .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  clones an existing virtual machine id from the given virtual machine .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   rising
truth:  clones   group

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  require   chew
truth:  require   service

test:  decorator that checks if a user is associated to the current user .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait for a node to be executed by an instance or not .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  closes   extracts
truth:  closes   socket

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  demonstrates use of sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  logs   checking
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates a new options for use with options that calls .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  tests whether url is a info of the xmlobject os .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  return a dictionary with the keys of the given dictionary .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  add   scans
truth:  add   pairs

test:  create a continuous random variable with a von mises distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  creates a unique tag from the list of upper .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  removes a symbolic link from the bokeh python cookbook file .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  check   reverses
truth:  check   services

test:  return an index object for the given target .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  test for get word from words .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible make .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   unlocking
truth:  copy   source

test:  return the information we generate a jid .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  generate   requesting
truth:  generate   i

test:  filter a deprecated tree to a given tree .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  check   localize
truth:  check   reference

test:  removes an extension code for a module .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  unregister   batch
truth:  unregister   code

test:  parse a string as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  interpret   gauss
truth:  interpret   strings

test:  save a editor to the database .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  execute a single http api on the given minion .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  return the vpn status for a service .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  gets   point
truth:  gets   status

test:  generate a maximum line of the given length .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  create   small_stmts
truth:  create   line

test:  gets the name of this sdk .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  returns a wsgi response object from a local request .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  turn   install
truth:  turn   response

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   vms
truth:  mark   thread

test:  return the cache file object .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   safe_octal
truth:  walk   class

test:  create a loop that resets the state of a loop .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  returns   breaking
truth:  returns   candidates

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  test   centralized
truth:  test   backup

test:  install a handler for quickly adding handler to the root .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  runs one or more package in a package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return details about all elasticache table name cli example: .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  describe   bounds
truth:  describe   table

test:  only load if csf exists on the system .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  release a list of available audio output modules .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   switch
truth:  frees   list

test:  returns a function that will create the specified foreign key for the specified kind .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   supports
truth:  read   text

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  check that the user has an its type that is included in acls .
truth: check acls . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return subgraph communicability for each node of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  decrypt the given ciphertext with the given key .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypts   pulls
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  check for the existence of a file or block device .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  compare   forgets
truth:  compare   filesystem

test:  parses a property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   were
truth:  parses   property

test:  will not have pending synloop .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  blocking   chown
truth:  blocking   loop

test:  try to find the code at the source code .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  factory function to create a new dateline .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether we can generate a key with a key in the current executable .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  replace filtering in a docstring with a given docstring .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   compile
truth:  patch   documentation

test:  return the first old connections for the facebook model .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  gets   differentiate
truth:  gets   accounts

test:  set quota usage dirty bit for a given resource and multiple usage or none .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   compose
truth:  set   usage

test:  return the list of virtual thread directories in this segment .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  returns the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  return a list of zero details of the correlation coefficient is the product of the polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  memset on the pointer translators .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  fill   hover
truth:  fill   bytes

test:  queries the commits of a jid .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  calculate polygon for a polygon in a specified shape .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  returns whether the user has visibility from the admin .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  return a generator which yields count as a number of bytes or chunks .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  returns random word of length .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  convert an array to a byte string of length imagej .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  return   overwrites
truth:  return   shape

test:  return a list of the complete display in variation .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  a job wrapper to help logic .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  notify   deregister
truth:  notify   jobs

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns the thing as a string .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   inserted
truth:  parses   saml

test:  make sure that the ctypes is running when it is running .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  helper method to configure blueprint in blueprint mode .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  configure   registering
truth:  configure   views

test:  remove list of files in u .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> host_from_gpu gpu_from_host -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   boot
truth:  gpu_from_host   dot

test:  takes a list of integers and randomly swaps the elements in an iterator .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  get harris points for the given requirement .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  returns whether the given request is a ratelimited or a ratelimited .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  pulls   resolved
truth:  pulls   threads

test:  return a dict where values are in a dictionary .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  returns module version from optional url .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   lowering
truth:  return   postgres

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  create   score
truth:  create   staff

test:  generate globally file and description of specified file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  calculate a list of items of tuples .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  return   quoting
truth:  return   comma

test:  link role content to a user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  pulls   present
truth:  pulls   role

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  set up the beaglebone black interface .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  yaml: grails configure grails .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  destroy a user from the container .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  unregister   hostname
truth:  unregister   vm

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  convenience function that reads a temporary file and returns cleaned up the object .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  checks that we are running pyinstaller of the minimum of python .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  checks   flip
truth:  checks   python

test:  compute the collection of all the rows to match the collection .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  computes   import
truth:  computes   summary

test:  test filelock on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   constructs
truth:  test   lock

test:  setup the yeelight bulbs .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return the whole file of a passed filename .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  load a module from a file .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the current active window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  returns a decorator that is a decorator .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  logs a log message to a show that matches the given quality .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  log   remove
truth:  log   history

test:  clauses an encoder of the hex spec .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  change   detects
truth:  change   color

test:  create a new compiler compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  normalize a string columns around the expression .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  exception   negate
truth:  exception   resource

test:  validate of checking type integrity .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  guarantee   intersect
truth:  guarantee   picks

test:  waits for the element to become shown in the local element .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  return the root stream of a particular root stream .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  create a metadef tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   evpn
truth:  create   schema

test:  return a handle of two back objects .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  return the luhn card as a string .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  test   sparks
truth:  test   number

test:  concatenation -> list turns a string into a list of tuples .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  pulls   predicate
truth:  pulls   sql

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   strided
truth:  evaluates   cosine

test:  simulates a sequence of paths to get the storage driver .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  function   decimals
truth:  function   storage

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  make text satisfying satisfying in text to a string .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator doesnt add .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   shed
truth:  raising   exception

test:  normalize a title .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  create a new network in the given network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  show the labeling of the discover of an image .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  show   forwards
truth:  show   image

test:  the schema .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  encode the given name in printable encoding .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   stores
truth:  encode   name

test:  regression test for url .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  returns the text from escaped text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  refactored the task to unlock a code based on the global code .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a textual representation of a dict as a dict .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a package to the package .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   pulls
truth:  instructs   null

test:  add mesh given volume to the range volume .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  correct   swaps
truth:  correct   faces

test:  convenience function to generate an image and the notebook authority : base storage .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  configure   currents
truth:  configure   state

test:  return true if python module is found in the package .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  checks   downloading
truth:  checks   package

test:  build a comment for the given comment name .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  return   tracks
truth:  return   urls

test:  render a template into a file .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  set the state of the message to use .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  returns a product of the given list of values or a specific value .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  if you already have valid credentials then access to tenant identifier .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   trivial
truth:  delete   connection

test:  validate user rate limiting .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  pulls   lash
truth:  pulls   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   pulls
truth:  needs   null

test:  find occurrences of a project .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  return   maps
truth:  return   locations

test:  an object that returns the repository for a repository reference to the reference migration .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  set   displaying
truth:  set   ref

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  list permissions for a given keyspace .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   expand
truth:  list   permissions

test:  see if folder path is hidden in folder .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  parse a content-type to a tuple of header .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  returns   throttle
truth:  returns   unit

test:  return the multi-dimensional numpy array of any possible values in the array which the product of the array in an array are permuted .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  convert a fraction volume to a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  convert   aligns
truth:  convert   volume

test:  return the matrix to use to serialize the finite of a matrix .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  identify   exposes
truth:  identify   values

test:  displays a dashboard widget on the dashboard .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  add   reserializes
truth:  add   widget

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  pulls   act
truth:  pulls   categories

test:  an oauth-compatible name in an oauth-compatible sort .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  parse command line arguments .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  setup   utf-8
truth:  setup   argument

test:  this function takes a string as an unicode string .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  fake   carry
truth:  fake   test

test:  cleans customs_shortcuts if not found .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  convert a serial number into a float .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  computes   github
truth:  computes   frame

test:  returns data error .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  lookup   unpublicizes
truth:  lookup   description

test:  yaml: exclusion configure exclusion files with exclusion .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is registered in a fully qualified .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  installing a path .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  convert hex string to a r with a given name .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  get current piece of tests .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sends a notification via smtp .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  concatenate a sequence into a shell and the resulting string .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  delete the version of a repository .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert string .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  return a intersection graph with randomly chosen attribute sets for each node that are of equal size (k) .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   greps
truth:  return   intersection

test:  returns a list of articles that apply to passed in topics .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  get a batch of updates from the training graph .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  helper function to convert items to xml .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  convert   enhance
truth:  convert   items

test:  train a model based on the image_ref version .
truth: train model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  a daemon to set the daemon allowing efficient registration of multiple individual records .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  read   resetting
truth:  read   reply

test:  use this function to fire pilight .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  fire   randomise
truth:  fire   message

test:  interactive compatibility function to make 1xn array .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  constructs   restrict
truth:  constructs   array

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   imsave
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  return the total relationship of fs types used to calculate the given relationship .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   registering
truth:  list   views

test:  return the list of objects from a location or tuple .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  joins   maps
truth:  joins   locations

test:  change the code of a document to prevent lexer is .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  code   unlocks
truth:  code   lexer

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  test that installing a table with primary keys .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  returns a list of sql statements required to write all data in the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  a decorator for mutating handlers .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  returns the number of instances that are set for the given module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   capture
truth:  write   bit

test:  a simple request that returns the request data in the context .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  build a full test harness: client - worker + start flow .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  check that the value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  return the given activities .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  year year into sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  adds   ip
truth:  adds   paths

test:  compute the total metric for the form of a form .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  simply test for host_from_gpu .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  calls   imposes
truth:  calls   f

test:  check that the completion option and non-zero are valid and wont are not valid .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validates   translates
truth:  validates   flags

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  determine if dot contains a permutation of the second kind .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  pulls   protects
truth:  pulls   args

test:  for strings that are not a unicode string .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   mounts
truth:  convert   objects

test:  unpack the data to a pty-req request into the output of the data .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   restoring
truth:  unpack   data

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  pulls   template
truth:  pulls   sitemap

test:  transforms the output of parse() into tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   removing
truth:  transforms   parse

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  return the packages that is installed in this package .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  gather   raised
truth:  gather   distributions

test:  creates function to read from a file and returns its name .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  same as a is b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  note   created
truth:  note   mode

test:  adapt the type of the data in the future :term:view .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  adapt   teardown
truth:  adapt   type

test:  update declarator variables .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  make sure that the user is unicode .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  test file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  process telnet version using telnet network device .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  process   extract
truth:  process   version

test:  parses a command list of alias objects .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  match   supports
truth:  match   text

test:  upload a strategic cookie file to a local directory .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  test that passing evaluation of report line-by-line .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates the user must be published or not .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  check   error
truth:  check   bracket

test:  imports a trace for the decorated class .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  log   includes
truth:  log   entrance

test:  fetch a specific url .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  get   interpret
truth:  get   dashboard

test:  write one unit at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   throttle
truth:  write   unit

test:  return a list of the stable .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  if you call one or more fault .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  verify that rbenv is installed and can be installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  make sure all pairs have the same number of pairs .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  ordered   databook
truth:  ordered   comparison

test:  fetch the libzmq .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  show all the rows for the given readout .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   usage
truth:  show   rows

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  handles   exposes
truth:  handles   values

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  find a safe colreturn between each non-singleton and > colreturn .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  pulls   patches
truth:  pulls   permutations

test:  gets the data from 2 weeks percentage and formats it as a percent ago .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  gets   restoring
truth:  gets   data

test:  display a list of all y rows .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  produce   cleaning
truth:  produce   matrix

test:  function that returns the name of the cube cube .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clean up the old jobs from the master config file .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  called   rescales
truth:  called   event

test:  return a factory for a list of :class: .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  return local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   forwards
truth:  threshold   image

test:  return user activity query for all activities about the user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  converts a message to a pretty string .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  handle the response returned by userservice when thumbnail_debug is called .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  create   located
truth:  create   method

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  register -> none like the current process .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  get an event transaction id from the database via id .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  retrieves   cast
truth:  retrieves   transaction

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   flip
truth:  apply   python

test:  determine if the item need to be public .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  choose   teardown
truth:  choose   type

test:  returns all children of the last child data for this module .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  converts a string to an appropriate string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   centers
truth:  search   labels

test:  approximation of the first n of n .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  apply   review
truth:  apply   keys

test:  parse a string referring to a www-authenticate key .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  make sure that all dependencies in the installed_apps are in the installed_apps .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  check   plot
truth:  check   apps

test:  yaml: scoverage configure files to run when build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:blame plugin <github+pull+request+builder+plugin> .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the base directory where the first .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  remove   disable
truth:  remove   |

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  encode -> list returns a list of the arguments with the given arguments .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  refresh the usage associated with a given resource .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  refresh   catching
truth:  refresh   quota

test:  return the result of all variables that have been input and orphans .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  extract   hanging
truth:  extract   variables

test:  start the environment to run a async thread .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   pts
truth:  start   rpc

test:  update blog posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  create a user with administrator confirmation .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  creates a flocker crypto database for the given keypair .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the maximum statistic for each non-singleton np .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  calculates   stopped
truth:  calculates   statistics

test:  a row .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  translate   step
truth:  translate   names

test:  disk image columns are used to determine where the kernel will reside the image .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   bartels
truth:  clear   contents

test:  return the logs from a package .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  configure the system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  sets   search
truth:  sets   d

test:  closes out a draft with the users preferred draft session .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate the recursively of all the func over the underlying policy .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  verify that value is a valid message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  helper function to pass to it to a list of observed .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  newegg a list of tuples for any text -- gets suggested for <query> .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  return a t_total from a file .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copies   restrict
truth:  copies   array

test:  wraps a remote get latest system path to that the brick .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  pulls   examine
truth:  pulls   brick

test:  cleans a directory tree .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  erase   resample
truth:  erase   directories

test:  this function preprocesses a file containing a unique image .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  pulls   succeed
truth:  pulls   request_response

test:  create a default signal map for the given signal name .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  make   quotes
truth:  make   map

test:  start a accidentally accidentally on the given machine .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  returns the order of the gcd of x .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  return   throw
truth:  return   x

test:  return the unicode path name .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  update a namespace .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  return the number of bytes needed to represent a string as an integer .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  only load this module if python-ethtool is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  returns a list of the named colors that have been met by the year of the entire model .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  counts the number of permutations in an array a .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  return the harmonic l{deferred} that are multi from the input individuals .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of records from base records in a configuration file .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  get a message for the given app .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test default values for raw pending events .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   pending
truth:  test   default

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  setup the available wanted products platform .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  notify the specified address to the form of the container .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  extract the indicated html from a url and extracts it as a string .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  parses   building
truth:  parses   tag

test:  ensure that the named dns is absent name the name of the user to remove runas user to run the command .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  make plot for time series .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  load   understemmed
truth:  load   results

test:  get information for a method where the first argument name is stored .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   specifies
truth:  get   methods

test:  return an image object to a repository .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  test using djangos pdf ble .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the list of all files in the addons logger .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  list   bans
truth:  list   resources

test:  parse a validator validator function and return a list of triples .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  has   pulls
truth:  has   null

test:  publish message from a collection of application objects .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  publish   failing
truth:  publish   style

test:  build a pages that sent a message .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  pulls   skips
truth:  pulls   connections

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  a function variable with a dummy variables parameters x : ndarray the result of a scalar function .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dense mutual mutual with the given regression .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  delete a property or raise if it does not exist or property .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   were
truth:  delete   property

test:  returns the number of nodes supported by the machine .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  utility function to convert a string to a list of integers .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  converts a credentials to a gcp file for google libcloud module .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  obtain   expose
truth:  obtain   credentials

test:  deprecated and tell the schedule .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  set   rebuilds
truth:  set   scheduler

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   parens
truth:  make   figure

test:  write the specified x509 to the context .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  fetch   traverse
truth:  fetch   cert

test:  copy a file or a directory and add it to the location of the destination .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  return links that will be used to links in the given url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  parse the tal channel .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   db
truth:  parse   annotation

test:  restful crud parents from a location .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  generate some sequences sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  read data from a file into a dictionary with the given buffer .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  reset the cuda used by unit tests .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  clear   requests
truth:  clear   brain

test:  converts all keys in a dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  return an ordered dict of changeset_revisions for the repository defined by the received display in a repository log .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return a list of service that are installed and their status cli examples: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   point
truth:  display   status

test:  return the right children of a cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  returns   banned
truth:  returns   children

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   labeled
truth:  fetch   file

test:  parses a mime-type .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  given an image version .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  reads the data from a socket file .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get all tags or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  tries to find an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  calls another server .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  pulls   hashing
truth:  pulls   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  generate a custom wcs list .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  generates   secret

test:  make a user a member of a group .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   archive
truth:  make   member

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  copy a test set to media module .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  returns position from the string .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  turn   query
truth:  turn   position

test:  execute a remote execution command .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  send notification then container using passes the htpasswd .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  show   searches
truth:  show   duration

test:  link to a commit commit commit commit commit document .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  a with-context that creates a temporary file and returns a writeable dir descriptor to it .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  scoped scoped with facilitates operations using various operations .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  update or add manifest xml from srcpath as resource in dstpath .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   restoring
truth:  update   data

test:  load load a storage from a yaml file .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  assign a connection to the named service and set its salt functions to the record for the service .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   crack
truth:  assign   _

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  pulls   browse
truth:  pulls   testsuite

test:  return a single elasticsearch date .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  download a list of arch .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  download   simplifies
truth:  download   packages

test:  return the value for the specified configuration .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  list of domains that are available on the system .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  add a new worktree widget on the browser tree .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   reserializes
truth:  return   widget

test:  makes sure that every power level is set to the scope of the xmlelement .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   executing
truth:  changes   csrf

test:  retrieve the list of author for a given user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  restful crud controller - needed for searching for use in autocompletes .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  compute nt zeros and values of the airy function kf .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  link content to content in their main language so the url of the different subsites will be honored .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  return the sum size in a vcenter .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  compute   analyzes
truth:  compute   size

test:  collect list of files from a simple good getting the results .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  create a form that renders a form with the given form .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   storing
truth:  create   template

test:  decodes the special version .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  manage   try
truth:  manage   checkout

test:  returns the entities set of entities .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  get   daemonize
truth:  get   memcache

test:  return a list of the rm of the specified modules .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get all available plugin descriptors .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the list of script names that are currently supported in user .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  generates   preselected
truth:  generates   choice

test:  download and extract mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  a generator function to generate batches of batches batches .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  return a dict representation of the sample timedelta .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  pulls   obj
truth:  pulls   filters

test:  ensure that "camera" is stopped .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create an equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  creates an instance containing a method which makes it sort into the datastore .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  converts an entry in a given search to a new search search .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  produce   compress
truth:  produce   db

test:  return a temporary directory of the application .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  pulls   restructure
truth:  pulls   tmpdir

test:  generate a telnetlib .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  preprocess   batch
truth:  preprocess   code

test:  try to increase resource limits of the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  try   negate
truth:  try   resource

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  project notification notifications view make a project as deleted on post .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  load a python module from a file .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  converts a datetime to local time in the active time zone .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  returns an iterator of zeros in k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  a decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  pulls   backup
truth:  pulls   properties

test:  return a string name of a function .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  match   plan
truth:  match   profile

test:  return the list of file system stats for the file system .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test evoked stationarity/invertability .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  return a list of up to traceback stack .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  yaml: critical set environment variables to critical in the console log .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  a scenario with lines should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a template from a file of text .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  raises valueerror if stderr is not installed .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  returns the leading coeffcient of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  create new ip address .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  load the locustfile path and return the data .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  import   define
truth:  import   path

test:  verify that the formatting set on a formatting codes call .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verify   enhanced
truth:  verify   object

test:  module resource headers for component .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  constructs   msg
truth:  constructs   component

test:  removes leading object from a file .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  this function is taken from a networkx graph and returns a list of analysis .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  compatibility wrapper around click to get all event source files .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  take   knapsack
truth:  take   request

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  it will mark the item in the current category as it will set the category for the category .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  pulls   partitions
truth:  pulls   category

test:  load a modules setting from a module setting .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   init
truth:  load   modules

test:  extract all tasks from a given module and write it to the instantiated instantiated .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  get the access token from the database .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse a content-type like 5 days into an quoted string .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return the zfill regex for the grid of a latex .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  pulls   locks
truth:  pulls   pad

test:  replace string or unicode values in .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  fixes   step
truth:  fixes   names

test:  check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are using the _() compatibility function
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   rearranges
truth:  check   import

test:  a placeholder version of urllib .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  unquotes   define
truth:  unquotes   path

test:  multiplies of a tensor over a given axis .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  multiply   exposes
truth:  multiply   values

test:  returns a random integer with same name that is greater than or equal to the sparse matrix with randomly nonzero .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  compute   view
truth:  compute   q

test:  restart the network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  do   hostname
truth:  do   vm

test:  check if a file is closed by the object .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  sets the total console artists for a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   analyzes
truth:  sets   size

test:  get simple argparse parser to add arguments to the command line .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  get the list of accepted settings and their agent .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  determine   bench
truth:  determine   value

test:  marks a view function as exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns the list of zookeeper ips for an zookeeper .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  returns last web error in a thread .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   reported
truth:  retrieves   function

test:  called from building a config file .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   deflate
truth:  test   config

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  returns the most appropriate language encoding for the given language .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  builds   batch
truth:  builds   code

test:  use in a sql module db to make the latest system tag in a db .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  get a tokenization from the component of component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check cpaste of code is an cpaste .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  dumps the data to a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  dump   labeled
truth:  dump   file

test:  test column masked masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  return true if the url has a url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  returns   eliminating
truth:  returns   cache

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  temporarily remove a certain value from the older list of values .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   pulls
truth:  inspired   null

test:  returns the comment format to display the given format .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return true if the meta-fields on the probability output is swapping .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  pulls   normalizes
truth:  pulls   loader

test:  we only deal with basic configuration .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  bootstraps   storing
truth:  bootstraps   template

test:  implement a function .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  return   currents
truth:  return   state

test:  run the given node .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  function   looping
truth:  function   node

test:  get the name of the file without the extension in the alterations .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  called at the end of the function .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  is   starts
truth:  is   nothing

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the reconid for complex matrix to a specified shape .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the pipe .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  prepare a mock for every node that wraps the response .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  prepare   install
truth:  prepare   response

test:  search for series and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints out the host information in the host .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  internal helper function to assert that get complex float values .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  return true if all args are true .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  return   protects
truth:  return   args

test:  try to get the user for a username .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  when deployed a specific request was modified by an optional optional response .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   stores
truth:  unsets   name

test:  return an object with an attribute for each conf parameter .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  updates repo from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   deployments
truth:  updates   sources

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  is this a final play player .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  is   specifying
truth:  is   player

test:  attempts to start a stream .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   formatted
truth:  print   rate

test:  return true if the object is equal to the place .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  return the signature of a secret .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  generates   tell
truth:  generates   signature

test:  get grid grid from plotly .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  returns   stacking
truth:  returns   grid

test:  return all weighers cost that compute the expression .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  return the error driver of the current environment .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   shed
truth:  returns   exception

test:  returns the xsrf token that can be used to generate the token in the given entity .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a post space from a given inherit string .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this function will run the hotfix .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  rename   tuple
truth:  rename   branch

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  return a quoted version of the file which is used .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  quotes   pulls
truth:  quotes   null

test:  return the output of the locale used by the locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  settings   pulls
truth:  settings   null

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test sigmoid class calibration .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  send all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  stop   put
truth:  stop   rules

test:  compile a validator .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  l2 binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  pulls   uses
truth:  pulls   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string to a parsed usage key .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  make sure that the tarball of the given file .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  authenticate via http authenticate .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pulls   wrapped
truth:  pulls   permission

test:  update pkgin package if it is not installed .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  returns a path to stderr and d2 and .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a list of module names in a given module .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  reduce the image along the given dim axis .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  perform   deprecated
truth:  perform   interpolation

test:  return the full event type of the specified event .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  return true if the object is a generator which looks like a list of strings .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  check if we have peer access ? .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  function   purging
truth:  function   iff

test:  computes fit for the fit .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  try to find the absolute path included to the underlying python script .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  authorizes a password corresponding to the database .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  return a selected introspect object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  this will queries the stylesheet for a stylesheet .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  knapsack for knapsack .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  knapsack   pulls
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  makes settings to the normalformgame page .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  register   shortens
truth:  register   classes

test:  update translations in file .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  update   gauss
truth:  update   strings

test:  converts dtype types to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  converts   verify
truth:  converts   stata

test:  parse a string .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  passes   reencrypt
truth:  passes   start

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   skipped
truth:  calculate   use

test:  filter out for the list of paths matching the given []pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  obtains the variable and/or sort of a variable which apply node to a new variable .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  pulls   shortcut
truth:  pulls   var

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return encoding preferred for environment variables .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  this function returns the local cache of the cache .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  removes   suggest
truth:  removes   folder

test:  adds a new message to a feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns list of available peers .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  convert an image to a boolean format .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  builds the serial port spec .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  make the exploration scores of gate for the given user .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  is   map
truth:  is   implementation

test:  return true if the given user has attachment that the staff for the current user .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  reads a matlab matrix into a 1d uint8 uint8 .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  list all of the local machine ids .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  convert all client test data into a list of files in the test suite .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  load   unload
truth:  load   client

test:  return the default pep 385 type for this shuup .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  ssh server to handle a firewall rule .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  validate initial listener and return initial event listeners .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   rescales
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  a helper method that validates password of username .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  add point to the x intersection loops .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  decode some encoded string .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  return the path for the file or directory of a directory .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  asserts   define
truth:  asserts   path

test:  send an email messages from a file address .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns a handle to use in the current session .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  update an updated repository in the database .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   commit
truth:  update   repository

test:  create a dyndns .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns the latest common snapshot common to registered snapshot .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  pick   indexes
truth:  pick   snapshot

test:  create a scatter function for the given object .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  slices   transliterate
truth:  slices   variable

test:  return a list of language regions for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  disassociate specified qos specs from qos_specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  return the configured authenticated server .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  establish   trivial
truth:  establish   connection

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   cleaning
truth:  estimate   matrix

test:  return a list of packages which are installed but battery cli example: .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  read a configuration file and read the cached information .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  extract user information from a static device .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  prepend   inform
truth:  prepend   entry

test:  compute nth derivative of n distribution function of z in z .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   drawing
truth:  submit   tags

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   lets
truth:  is   handler

test:  change status view .
truth: status view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability zones cli example: .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  pull a collection from the group .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   flattening
truth:  pull   field

test:  converts a penn corpus name into a tuple .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  describe   currents
truth:  describe   state

test:  make sure the completion message was logged in the test suite .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  test to hit conditionally files properly registered in double quotes .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  return   binhexed
truth:  return   tests

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  construct an object holding a time value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  use this to update the module in a local module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  return a tuple of all running permutations in the given iterator .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  get the md5 checksum of a file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  compare   orthoganlize
truth:  compare   hash

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  like a sql task .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  see   tear
truth:  see   module

test:  return the valid shells for a shell .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  return   generating
truth:  return   shell

test:  read a user to format the options in a dictionary of options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  place a database under migration level .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  generate a test url for moved url .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  function   deflate
truth:  function   config

test:  stacks arrays vertically .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   turn
truth:  translate   case

test:  given an iterator that return a list of iterables objects .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  synchronize   constant_expression_opt
truth:  synchronize   iterables

test:  return whether or not an error is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  warn   pulls
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return the first item of a sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  if holiday falls on weekend .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve the target parameters for the users emails .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  stop a mongodb machine on the virtualbox server running on the hypervisor .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  uses the home directory for py2exe .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  using   using
truth:  using   hack

test:  return an advanced set of all migration .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  clear   generate
truth:  clear   users

test:  run a test with a store .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  create   unleash
truth:  create   store

test:  produce a pipes object for the given iterable .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal symbol .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  make the effect of a spline safe url .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  pulls   locate
truth:  pulls   filtering

test:  creates a command to make a entity_pb .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  construct   instantiate
truth:  construct   arguments

test:  get a list of all active items for a history .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  get   branching
truth:  get   progress

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  test that the base driver make sure we dont have pdbbreakpoint .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  return the status of the release .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  show   clones
truth:  show   server

test:  generate a html string with web page .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  wrap   drawing
truth:  wrap   tags

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   serialize
truth:  parses   str

test:  klein-style a class with a :app:pyramid .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  pulls   updates
truth:  pulls   wsgi

test:  verify that the absolute path is not a root directory .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  accepts   define
truth:  accepts   path

test:  return the maximum text for inclusion within a maximum of text .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  does   rect
truth:  does   work

test:  convert a binary string to nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   tracked
truth:  convert   s

test:  return a string of the translation of an object .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  truncate from django .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return available packet datacenter project .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   determine
truth:  return   projects

test:  given a stack of arguments .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  assuming   tell
truth:  assuming   signature

test:  run a background process and get its group .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   sqlmap
truth:  get   limit

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  competency of the used to component crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return the total service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  show   backup
truth:  show   properties

test:  *args the pidfile should be used to create a file .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  decorator to make a class out of the dispatching class .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  defines   reported
truth:  defines   function

test:  yaml: url requires the jenkins url for the project .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  add the first section of the line .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  point   reported
truth:  point   function

test:  retrieve set of data from a fid structure .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  slice   pandas
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return the indentation of the given size .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  return all the public projects which have in the given user .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  uncache a python cache directory by the given path .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  ensure   phred
truth:  ensure   caches

test:  decorator for wrapping a list of subtest names .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  clean up the environment variable .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  supply   retain
truth:  supply   platform

test:  get the best preferred unit between two given unit .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fsync -> list extracts files from the measurements files .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  compile a raw python module using distutils algorithm .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   dst
truth:  compile   c

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  pulls   attacked
truth:  pulls   stats

test:  redirect user to desktop .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  generate   asserting
truth:  generate   redirect

test:  pull the refs file to get lh .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  pull   pulls
truth:  pull   null

test:  this function provides functionality for the announcements contents of a template tag syntax:: .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  return an array with multiple fields .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  concatenate   mounts
truth:  concatenate   objects

test:  query the specified query to a resource .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   negate
truth:  query   resource

test:  parse the username/credentials out of an http keqv header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  helper function to make the most content of a sample .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  computes   landing
truth:  computes   sum

test:  return the aes aes for key .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  trimmed   extract
truth:  trimmed   version

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  compute   contrasts
truth:  compute   digest

test:  return html indicating that the users payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  receive some receive a single socket .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   extracts
truth:  receive   socket

test:  return true if *obj* is a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  compute the softmax event: coefficients .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  compute   checkout
truth:  compute   way

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters or string in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  return the unicode string representing unicode name of string .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  return the size of the eat descriptor .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  read   flattening
truth:  read   field

test:  convert a string to a list of strings .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return a surface matrix for the second *x* .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  consume advance the iterator of the iterator .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  formats the time to match the rfc1123 seconds .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  format   suppresses
truth:  format   seconds

test:  deletes the cloexec or delete headers .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  test resample as a resample .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns major minor minor version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns information about the xblocks publish state for an xblocks structure .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  test chart rendering with a none filled serie .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  returns the status for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  helper to assert that real real data: .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return true if the given path is an symlink on the filesystem .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  checks whether two ranges equal to equal to equal .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  create a deferred .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  skip   cie
truth:  skip   predicate

test:  make sure the function is not loaded .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  error   lets
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  delete hosts with the specified key .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  start the windows time service :return: true if successful .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  returns a list of the most recent pages in the pages .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  load an image .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  either either the identifers tree or xyz and recursively other than the resulting expression .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   configured
truth:  parse   tree

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   colorized
truth:  construct   context

test:  return true if the python implementation supported by the installed python .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  select   flip
truth:  select   python

test:  unpack the actual file keys into an extension .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  display the preface dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   paging
truth:  attaches   interface

test:  create a parameterized implementation from a service into a dictionary .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  instantiate   distribute
truth:  instantiate   proxy

test:  return the matches of a mime-type against the target in a dictionary .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  search   coupling
truth:  search   target

test:  create all zip of directories in the directory .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  compress   disconnects
truth:  compress   dir

test:  try to define a hook that dont bin loaded .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the model data from the dict .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  form   restoring
truth:  form   data

test:  returns the name of english to send in english .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  decide   pulls
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns the user via http header string .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  given   assume
truth:  given   header

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  checks if a module is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  test   stores
truth:  test   name

test:  returns exception .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  returns the global context object to use for both the django app .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  adds   hanging
truth:  adds   variables

test:  minimize a function using the downhill fmin .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   reported
truth:  minimize   function

test:  set controls on bundle of the bundle .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  get   autoencoder
truth:  get   xml

test:  install a parsed hook into a module .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   commit
truth:  install   repository

test:  ensures the activities with the given be saved to one of the given collection .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  create a new resource on the api with a different v1 .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  solves bernoulli differential equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  pexpect pexpect to retrieve the output of show ip int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  automatically setuptools to install setuptools from python packages .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  check if the value is a list of words .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  returns the matrix multiplication of a matrix examples .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   packs
truth:  returns   transpose

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  display a map of certname .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  get   trailing
truth:  get   flag

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  decorator for methods that are associated with a xmodules key .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  construct an internal form for the volume type .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   recover
truth:  uninstall   gems

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  transforms a list of strings into a series of values .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transforms   renders
truth:  transforms   series

test:  get the line with the first occurence of the lines in the line .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   limiting
truth:  parse   order

test:  create a new computenode and create a new computenode .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  get list of items that were previously installed via windows .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  delete a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  remove   inputs
truth:  remove   monitor

test:  is utfbytes .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  gets a valid number for the specified phone type .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get the appropriate signin vcode .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  get all the rules for the current thread .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  get   content
truth:  get   globals

test:  return path to a pid or conf file for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  format logger to a newline .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  translate genslices .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  generate   redefine
truth:  generate   slices

test:  translates the next decimal ips to an ip address .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  convert utc time string in the iso format to datetime tuple .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  return etc_services click vm if we are using multiple or from sepcified .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  report   optimize
truth:  report   quotas

test:  return a list of file pager .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  replace   crack
truth:  replace   _

test:  yaml: tox send build notifications to tox dependencies for most of this build step will send build info about tox applications .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it should extract the scenario names from the scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  implements   crack
truth:  implements   _

test:  test whether an ndarray is a single ndarray .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  use of os .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  converts   define
truth:  converts   path

test:  return url to remove_tag_async on question .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  decode a bson double to bson .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   locking
truth:  decode   bson

test:  yield true if the step matches the given step path .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  create a commandlineinterface of dependencies for a file rather than one of the objs .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  generate   publish
truth:  generate   graph

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  add cylinder holes to negatives .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  return a namedtuple of used to free physmem line .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  asserts   install
truth:  asserts   response

test:  queries an query to the given query .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  fetch   xlsx
truth:  fetch   query

test:  copy a network store from the specified parser .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  persist   forms
truth:  persist   result

test:  extends parameters to a list of parameters .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  append   populates
truth:  append   params

test:  verify the actual format of the exploration format .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an instance of the datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  open and return a handle .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   bring
truth:  open   page

test:  this is a generator of parsed in a mercurial version of parsed exceptions .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  extracts the line without a elts .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   throw
truth:  add   x

test:  fixture providing a lock .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  blocking   unlinks
truth:  blocking   fixture

test:  create a com object that implements the specified id .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  verifies a certificate is not a list of key .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   post_save
truth:  looks   metadata

test:  show and return common transformations in pages .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  prints   minpoly(add
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up the flow in session to recover information about requested scopes .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  retrieves   encapsulate
truth:  retrieves   instance

test:  outset the preface file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  return the most appropriate command with the karma version .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fake error occurs .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  m   cleaning
truth:  m   matrix

test:  takes a list of cron and returns the cron file verbose .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  traverse up from current directory and find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  decorator cleaned up on unittest .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  walk through many paths and return .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   unlocking
truth:  iterate   source

test:  set up the += module to use this to parse all the entries to avoid required variables .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a qtransform containing the value of the command line options .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  extract   generating
truth:  extract   shell

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  mask function to pkcs .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  implements   control
truth:  implements   generation

test:  validate config .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   banned
truth:  validate   children

test:  create a flask application instance in a wsgi application .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  read a file and return information on a dictionary of the original image .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   abort
truth:  return   raster

test:  returns a dict of for pep8 in this system .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  get an iterable of available extras for extras .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  parse   purge
truth:  parse   requirements

test:  process the archivable elements and process the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   eliminates
truth:  get   elements

test:  same as a[b] = a[b] .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   rearranges
truth:  ensure   import

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  returns   protected
truth:  returns   urlconf

test:  convert a bitmap image to a wx of image .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  resizes   rabins
truth:  resizes   bitmap

test:  delete an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns a list of npm objects with the given list of documents .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   initalize
truth:  returns   k

test:  gpu gpu .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  pulls   modify
truth:  pulls   gpu

test:  setup the graphite events for a specific event .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   bump
truth:  setup   definitions

test:  return an items or list of objects in a mongodb database cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  get a specific sm backend by a given uuid .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   replicate
truth:  get   sm

test:  parse the volume info .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  log a page from the log of the application level .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  log   knapsack
truth:  log   request

test:  stores the text of a statement .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  normalizes   supports
truth:  normalizes   text

test:  connect to a database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  returns a list of services the current versions .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  update   extract
truth:  update   version

test:  effect of the client-defined function .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  compute   annoy
truth:  compute   rank

test:  redirect unix streams if none .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   takes
truth:  redirect   stream

test:  verify given mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  verify   created
truth:  verify   mode

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   multivariate
truth:  test   blocks

test:  parse a user into the examples of the given text .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  annotate   failing
truth:  annotate   style

test:  add a exam exam exam for the section to the course settings .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  add   colorized
truth:  add   context

test:  strip the custom parts of a plaintext or a debug version .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  strip   supports
truth:  strip   text

test:  safely remove a file .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return superimposition matrix from numpy array with product-based .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  computes a linear least squares fit for xs .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  add a jupyter notebook to the database .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  returns the show id of the given user .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  pyherion - retrieves code with array_lvals .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generates   extract
truth:  generates   version

test:  fix the modules that take the required select output .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  replace   plugin
truth:  replace   division

test:  this is the function that is associated with a callable .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  sets   located
truth:  sets   method

test:  add the directory to the list dirlist dir .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   disconnects
truth:  add   dir

test:  inspect a container container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  tokenize a "start" .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  mapping   mount
truth:  mapping   task

test:  create a suitable client for the given tenant/user .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in packages .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  return   distribution

test:  commit content to the repository .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  asserts that two strings are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  assert   childnodes
truth:  assert   timestamp

test:  internationalization view .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  generates   touch
truth:  generates   controller

test:  construct an attribute string from the given xml generated by the attributes attrs .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  equivalent of the url path .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  normalize   define
truth:  normalize   path

test:  user add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both creation and inlines .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  return the rate limiting calculated by rate .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  pass   unbinds
truth:  pass   exceptions

test:  converts an array to a numpy array of values .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  determine if the path for the specified executable .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   checkout

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  support   colorized
truth:  support   context

test:  remount up a remount or a remount mount directory args: args : the path to remount platform followed by sections : the correct module cli example: .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  performs the rsa cipher encryption on plaintext key .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if the url is a windows url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  check if x is either a set of tuples or contains .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  verify   convert
truth:  verify   sequences

test:  verify that overriding values dont be an new-style new-style works as expected w/ the distutils shouldnt be cls: .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  pulls   ayoung
truth:  pulls   base

test:  create a node on a python node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  return the long description of a file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  ping a lost device to bounds .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  registers internal trigger types in dictionary .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   autoreleased
truth:  register   types

test:  check if the object is unused or write .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  closes   pulls
truth:  closes   null

test:  registers a callback for handlers that can be called by the c .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  registers   decorating
truth:  registers   log

test:  a function to check if the given object is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  returns   kills
truth:  returns   assert

test:  copies a list of search_service_pb to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   populates
truth:  copies   params

test:  remove non-join from the network usage key usage by the provided usage key .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   encoded
truth:  removes   milestone

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   describing
truth:  remove   listener

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   sleep
truth:  removes   files

test:  shut down the server .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  validates if the encoding is valid .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns an exception object from a class tuple .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  read mm_stamp data from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get a list of column strings this should use the same result for the input .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  display a view that begins a stats from the provided site .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  render   renders
truth:  render   series

test:  change the default group of the current process .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  return image with corresponding shape and derived smoothed smoothed .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  smooth   forwards
truth:  smooth   image

test:  adds queries so they can be deleted when they cant delete queries .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  adds   expects
truth:  adds   queries

test:  test working copy when a target already exists and has force .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  test   coupling
truth:  test   target

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  validate username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  compute the number of hypergeometric product of a sound polynomial .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   copies
truth:  get   clusters

test:  decorator for disabling of all url namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  warn   makes
truth:  warn   namespaces

test:  get the else support for the node .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  rename all logging or group to destination .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  renames   enrolls
truth:  renames   destination

test:  formats a float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   bench
truth:  formats   value

test:  returns the version of the [\\\'"]' file .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  attempts   extract
truth:  attempts   version

test:  raise 400 httpbadrequest if request is not found .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  write a table as a table with no quoted objects for a leading see if the table were empty .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  replaces apostrophe character with greatest occurances double unicode counterpart .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  check that ica of a ica type is of a list of arrays .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   intersect
truth:  check   picks

test:  process a data list from a string containing a sorted list of python values .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  creates a new url for the specified vm .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  allow for there is an exception in the exception file .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  convert   shed
truth:  convert   exception

test:  returns a multiline string which is 1 .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  maps a set of requests for a particular alias .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  generate   assign
truth:  generate   requests

test:  gets the sibling of a file .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  read   preload
truth:  read   content

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  remove all objects from the current request/thread .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  try   phred
truth:  try   caches

test:  return a random column of the values in the passed array .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  raises an exception if namespace is not a registered version .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  recursively remove a list of files in the given directory .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   printing
truth:  remove   locale

test:  saves qsub to session .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  saves   iterate
truth:  saves   auth

test:  updates all profilers in the db .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  fetch only the snapshots of a collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   contained
truth:  returns   snapshots

test:  set the original .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  return information about the requested user .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   batch
truth:  exchanges   code

test:  generate html module compilation for unsafe .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  a start and thread/comment for a given start bounds .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  extract   temperature
truth:  extract   date

test:  finds and kicks each errors in the error code .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  returns a generator of raw bytes representing a raw stream .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  checks for calls to the default compiler from the hypervisor .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  pulls   hide
truth:  pulls   distutils

test:  determines the template string based on the request .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  gets   storing
truth:  gets   template

test:  returns the region code that matches a specific country calling code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  change the system log file .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list the monitor data that are on the monitor .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  declare some arguments in a class the order of a given class .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   borrowed
truth:  declare   instances

test:  return active mounts on mac os systems .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  find users that only contains a given search for the given search results .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  searches   registers
truth:  searches   product

test:  returns random id in sqlite format .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  take a query string and return a tuple of .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  returns a dict with keys of non lock .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  helper for permission cases of permission for permission checks through pool versions .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  check   expand
truth:  check   permissions

test:  parse permitted response :type complete header dict .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  return a list of paths for the user layouts .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  returns from environment variable or backward http password .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   optimized
truth:  get   script

test:  internal helper function for computing the horizontal interpolation .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  computes the sokalmichener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the mysql error mysql server .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  look   colorized
truth:  look   context

test:  given a table of ownership values .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  builds   presents
truth:  builds   mapping

test:  test acknowledge unicode characters in string .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  ensure   gauss
truth:  ensure   strings

test:  compute the 1-norm of a kaiser integer representing an ar(p) statistic .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  return the content of a file or unicode string .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if the given storage exists .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  look through a wsdl method that should be cached with wsdl .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  convert compat to str or unicode if it is a string .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  detect   tracked
truth:  detect   s

test:  tokenizes a dictionary consisting of their session .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  find a search result for a given host .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  find   hanging
truth:  find   variables

test:  instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   crack
truth:  instantiate   _

test:  shortcut to create a quota that is not installed .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   logout
truth:  callback   change

test:  get the amount of cpu usage objects so far for the request .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   deprecate
truth:  get   cpu

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  the staging style files in the staging area are old since staging is quite a staging chain of rows and not yet .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  rename   sleep
truth:  rename   files

test:  fixture that provides a fake english object .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  train a thread of evaluation .
truth: train a model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  parse the info from a http request like beaglebone .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   forms
truth:  parse   result

test:  returns changes in an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  return the function that is the same as the argument type of opposite .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  computes the 1-norm of the normal distribution .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the given object .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  ask a user to stderr and prompts an optional return a available page .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompts   enumerator_list
truth:  prompts   confirmation

test:  apply nans with same number of claim-build .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  a scenario with lines should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses a tag namespaces from a list of possible tuples .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   drawing
truth:  parse   tags

test:  returns true if the url belongs to the given url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  check if a dependency is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  check   delay
truth:  check   conda

test:  the quantityinfo implementation of the tree system .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the most appropriate extensions for markdown .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   shortens
truth:  get   classes

test:  merge a simple profiles into a single mapping of the form .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  converts   stores
truth:  converts   name

test:  converts a given template object to a template .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  computes relaxed average .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  add fingerprint of the given file to the respective cache .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  get a media permissions associated with a given media name .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  loads all tests from a pattern .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  provide   browse
truth:  provide   testsuite

test:  list entry list .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  show   decoding
truth:  show   lists

test:  prints general information for all both the prints out .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   revoked
truth:  prints   details

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  compare two matrices .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  use nltks to parse the keepass bytes .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create the first word images for remote images .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   extract
truth:  run   version

test:  update an computenode and update it .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  clears all banana nodes of the given node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  remove   banned
truth:  remove   children

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   included
truth:  pooling   cudnn

test:  return true if the frame is visible in the frame .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   named
truth:  setup   z

test:  return a list of file extensions extensions that are synonyms for the file extension .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  grab   switch
truth:  grab   list

test:  modify hyperbolic parsed headers according to pillar settings .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  parse   stubbed
truth:  parse   headers

test:  send email to users .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  send   command
truth:  send   session

test:  return the number of connected connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  registers a new request to register an image .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  send a character or unicode string to a character .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  wrap   mail
truth:  wrap   creation

test:  block the connection to the current thread .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  returns a list of path components of the given path components .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  return   tsv
truth:  return   components

test:  filter a regex from a given pattern .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  pulls   opened
truth:  pulls   re

test:  set a service in this gc .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a pathname into a list of images with the directory leading and the path .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  add a real server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   clones
truth:  add   server

test:  a generator function to generate a single object of a list of pages .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get a colormap instance for a colormap .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  stop a docker container container container container id container id timeout cli example: .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  converts an instance to a dictionary for the given model .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  convert   pushing
truth:  convert   model

test:  fetch a symbol for the data frame .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  download   post_save
truth:  download   metadata

test:  remove users in conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   generate
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  pulls   parameterize
truth:  pulls   integers

test:  enable the given api key cli example: .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  get the functions that starts a file .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  construct a unique container container name from a cloud container .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  talk   pulls
truth:  talk   null

test:  return the correct host name cli example: .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  returns the line corresponding to the terminal .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  return the number of words in a word .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  count   minpoly(add
truth:  count   words

test:  only load if the splunk_search module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   cloning
truth:  load   github

test:  renders a html report that is rendered with the given ids of skip .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  the user is anomalous if you want to use an explicit account .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  given   union
truth:  given   domain

test:  return website users .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  call monomials as a llvm .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   smooth
truth:  call   vector

test:  create a shift slicing for the given guid .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  asserts that the given environment is a dict of the given headers exists .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  default   pulls
truth:  default   null

test:  check the current number of ]month .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  check   pickles
truth:  check   reverse

test:  a decorator that assign a function to a transaction .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  if the attribute matches the given expression .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  match   looping
truth:  match   node

test:  test if given file is valid .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return predefined results based on execute_table5 .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  apply a palette to a given image .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  get   resume
truth:  get   pil

test:  returns a random string of "length" characters in length .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  parse the extra data into dict .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parses   tile
truth:  parses   information

test:  convert b in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  add a value to the type of a type specified by the type name .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   dedent
truth:  add   printer

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if http status code is success .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  compute the dot product between x and y .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  returns a system stream for byte processing .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  check if were inside an ipython front this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  remove all tasks from a module as defined in a dict .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  delete one inventory .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  add certificate private certificate from bench .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  merge multiple dictionaries .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  given a host and a port .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  detect a filename based on a name: sequence of strings .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  verify that requirements requirements is parseable .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates shadow type db object in the db given trigger_type .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  create a container container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   satisfy
truth:  create   container

test:  the given response headers .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  sort   stubbed
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get prosite data from prosite .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  pulls   wrapping
truth:  pulls   handle

test:  ensure that changed .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  run   navigates
truth:  run   cron

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   downgrades
truth:  command   point

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  get native file path based on a contenttype .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  perform any options coercion coercion necessary for this module .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  get the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  set the rate limiting behavior of the nameservers for the given rate limiting .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  enable   formatted
truth:  enable   rate

test:  runs the command line interface via exit .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns current attached to the minimum clients .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns a tuple of the drop and the database control characters .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   basestring
truth:  place   migration

test:  return code object for given function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return list of all languages in the system .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  set attribute value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  parse a template tag for a systemcronflow command line and return a dictionary of the pixel values .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a cgsnapshot group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  return an mutate group containing ref as a dict .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  makes   localize
truth:  makes   reference

test:  return the name of the deployment .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  retrieves   killed
truth:  retrieves   network

test:  gets the active template attribute of the current template .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return the url of the url .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse subsites in goal format for single salt://_grains or lines .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  copy a file with conflicts connections .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  minify   receiving
truth:  minify   js

test:  set up the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  make a testcase which incorporates the given ifilesystemsnapshots .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  create   reflect
truth:  create   testcase

test:  rc4 decryption of encoded data .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  rc4   customized
truth:  rc4   salt

test:  write a exported file .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  analyze   labeled
truth:  analyze   file

test:  populate a new module with the given id and state and state .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  used   supplied
truth:  used   api

test:  return the we get a username for the given jupyter info .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  make a gem ruby .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  test installing a package that has marking the same names .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  returns a horizontal passed that contains the given argument .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  stack   pulls
truth:  stack   null

test:  return the info of a process instance .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test that we can remove nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   embedded
truth:  test   example

test:  update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   resolving
truth:  update   defaults

test:  convert any shape into a matrix of 4bit objects .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  builds   divides
truth:  builds   matrices

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  cycle through all generator in the sources .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  emulate   pings
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  checks if first_date is only found .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  tests that hugs nullable type successfully handles a text type .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not exist or not exist .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   enhanced
truth:  update   object

test:  get matplotlib backend .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  writeable file that is writeable by the keepass file .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  open   enhanced
truth:  open   object

test:  read an image from file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  return pytree tree content corresponding to a file .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  factory function for creating a context from a remote location .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  parses a list of options and creates a command line option .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  used   float
truth:  used   decorator

test:  command : print .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   display
truth:  command   print

test:  load a remote branch from a remote machine .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  deploy   cloning
truth:  deploy   github

test:  returns a table object containing table item from doc .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  fetch   bounds
truth:  fetch   table

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  wrapper function that initializes the function and calls func .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a url-safe base64-encoded string from a file .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  read   store
truth:  read   memory

test:  install particular help in server .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   bounds
truth:  setup   table

test:  takes an acme curve with a public version of zmq .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  generate   unlock
truth:  generate   keypair

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  test   equalize
truth:  test   email

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outline   del
truth:  outline   gcode

test:  plot the plot summary of a sample .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  validate that the extension is the same extension of cassandra .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  pulls   visit
truth:  pulls   padding

test:  returns the length of the two strings in a and b .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  string   databook
truth:  string   comparison

test:  compute the sum of squared pieces for each feature in x .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   restrict
truth:  compute   array

test:  factory that returns true between 2 and the value is inside a system .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  returns a purchased html field as a json/ajax .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escapes   supports
truth:  escapes   text

test:  solves separable order order differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  parse an error message in the dulwich error .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  tests to determine if a file path is valid .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   allowed
truth:  connect   aws

test:  deletes the item for the given usage key .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  deletes   bdecodes
truth:  deletes   xblock

test:  extract module_content .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  this function prints any secrets message in the registry .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  debugging   reported
truth:  debugging   function

test:  return a list of hardware instances of given frame .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  split a numpy expression into its component parts .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   rrmgr
truth:  split   threshold

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  same as items in the dependency .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  get the windows path symbol .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  tries to parse a date on a given date .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  check   temperature
truth:  check   date

test:  expression_opt : empty .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   pulls
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  return hardware information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return a specific tenants cli examples: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  calculate the percentage of known n_fft by weights .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  pulls   increment
truth:  pulls   gradient

test:  stacks resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate the current footer at the top of all the documentation documentation .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  returns a store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  delete table where and build a table from a db where clause is a namedtuple .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  deletes   bounds
truth:  deletes   table

test:  run sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  place an order by specified value amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  get font 2-tuple of the absolute paths of the top-level external data directories for both tcl and tk .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  test column that table schema for positive columns .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  compute md5 hash of a file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  configure email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   equalize
truth:  email   email

test:  runs an example in the path for tests .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   tear
truth:  run   module

test:  libvirt libvirt integer a and b are equivalent to fit .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  a resource to set of currency options in the settings as arguments .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  download a mission from the current vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  downloads   startup
truth:  downloads   mission

test:  call a function and kwargs that when getting appropriate values .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  calls   filters
truth:  calls   fn

test:  get a single tensor of a tensor .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  set   providing
truth:  set   tensor

test:  set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  read in previously saved objects from a file determine from a list of saved objects .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  read   mounts
truth:  read   objects

test:  use plugin to use the plugin from the docker plugin .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   identifies
truth:  set   plugin

test:  set the user module if the os is present .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  load   calculate
truth:  load   windows

test:  copy filesystem into a single volume object .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   aligns
truth:  copy   volume

test:  comment: get or set the icondata of the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  sets   resizes
truth:  sets   icon

test:  set a block of block lists in the block of lists .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  constructs   cleaning
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  create a sailthru list .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  create and create the sql logger .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  calculates the log nloglike of a nloglike .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  helper function for the existence of a portname environment .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  converts any lists of strings into a set of their vararg .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  recursive   autoreleased
truth:  recursive   types

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  pulls   input
truth:  pulls   generators

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original folders for an air-by-date format .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   bartels
truth:  filters   contents

test:  find the locations of locations that supports a assemble locations for our show .
truth: if present . 
test:  present   pulls
truth:  present   null

test:  returns a domain name for the given site .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   usage
truth:  move   rows

test:  connect to the replica set .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute lc in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  expand   overlay
truth:  expand   func

test:  list groups for organization .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   decide
truth:  list   groups

test:  extract a data from a data matrix .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  express   restoring
truth:  express   data

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   persists
truth:  return   subsequence

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get roles of a user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  break a dict or list of instances of a class this is here we can be validated here for the decorated type .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  traverse   safe_octal
truth:  traverse   class

test:  returns the slug of a given document .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  given   logarithmic
truth:  given   slug

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   display
truth:  like   print

test:  register a encoder/decoder function to be called in a bokeh registry .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   shows
truth:  register   subclass

test:  raises frappe if the user can do the document .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   gunicorn
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  returns a hash of the form that is in the given property .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  set the user info cookie from an admin cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   modbus
truth:  creates   cookie

test:  returns a dictionary of parsed index .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  returns   aliased
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the current request/thread repository on the minion cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  contains   exposes
truth:  contains   values

test:  create a compiler object from a class .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  adds one hot labels to a tensor .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  transform   centers
truth:  transform   labels

test:  mangle a named user .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  mangle   stores
truth:  mangle   name

test:  creates a new image .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  create a series of polynomials of the polynomial f in the series .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  function   renders
truth:  function   series

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  computes the maximum along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  encode a string so that its simplest values are not in an html files .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list of length n times .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  show idle-format warning after replacing warnings .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   eventlet
truth:  show   warning

test:  returns the content of a value in the db .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  initialize the module completion model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   pushing
truth:  initialize   model

test:  extracts a list of unique substrings of host preferred generator .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  update the state of the current instance in the currently quickly .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   mount
truth:  update   task

test:  return the unix socket with any file that are delivered to the file specified by the query string .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   closes
truth:  return   +

test:  get the absolute path directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two lists with strings .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  helper method to start the modbus async serial server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  build a default audio data for the given audio code .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  builds   restoring
truth:  builds   data

test:  add terms with terms in the evaluation of f from f and order .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  common parameter processing by setting each character to a person function .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  set the lamp identified by calling the corresponding state .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  find the overridden op of the given expression .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   incoming
truth:  find   op

test:  returns a list of the most recent changes .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  display   loads
truth:  display   changes

test:  converts a number to a int .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  decorator for a service .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  new project form .
truth: new project form . 
test:  project   r^2
truth:  project   form

test:  asserts that the given quantity is an ovs close to the resulting quantity and returns true if both are equal .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  removes a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  return boolean indicating whether given pattern/regex is a occurrences of the pattern in the series/index .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   printed
truth:  replace   pattern

test:  download a url from a url and return an combination of pathitems .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  install the virtual environment for the given revision .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  install   unquoting
truth:  install   environment

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   exposes
truth:  accepts   values

test:  lists the time filename for the user .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  configures all users on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   spawn
truth:  configures   devices

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   pyopenssls
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  partial release complete section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   alignment
truth:  release   section

test:  provides a blob for a test execution .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  adds a task queue to a queue on a queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  shortcut   mount
truth:  shortcut   task

test:  returns the hermite interpolation for a and b .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  pulls   algorithm
truth:  pulls   points

test:  convert a filename to a valid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  test subunit output steps into undefined steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  remove an element from the point list .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   uncheck
truth:  remove   element

test:  return a pandas uri string .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  converts   embeds
truth:  converts   pandas

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  return an argument passed with the specified options .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  test if a name matches a globs in the given globs .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  tests   stores
truth:  tests   name

test:  helper function that checks the appropriate message and returns a dict of keywords .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  validate   listen
truth:  validate   key

test:  get a resolver for the specified resource type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  make sure a single bundle is done when the process with a single bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  test tcp/udp validation .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  sets the http header .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  add   assume
truth:  add   header

test:  returns a query string of all parameters .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  sign   offset
truth:  sign   parameters

test:  initialize the lxc choose .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  extend   currents
truth:  extend   state

test:  writes the callback to the log xml tree .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  translate   bench
truth:  translate   value

test:  run a hook for control messages .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   takes
truth:  scan   stream

test:  stacks the server address with no arguments .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  run correlation tests for the group tests .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  l2 squared squared based on logarithmic error .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  returns true if the given course cohort is cohorted @rtype: url .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of unique list of pairs sorted by the pattern .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  create   attributes
truth:  create   arrays

test:  return list of registered handlers from handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  checks whether socket is available on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   win
truth:  check   sockets

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  change   freezing
truth:  change   configuration

test:  collect user and collect hosts from master config .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  get   fake
truth:  get   load

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   deserialize
truth:  respond   csv

test:  declares a flag as a flag .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  registers   enhanced
truth:  registers   object

test:  return the pointer size of a buffer .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  retrieve openshift version if not already installed .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  get   causes
truth:  get   openshift

test:  return the identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  return   throttle
truth:  return   unit

test:  generate diagramm and return appropriate config for a show .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  quotes a random string so that it can be used as an attribute to check id in random format .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  return an items object from a queue with the queue .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  attempts   urlencode
truth:  attempts   item

test:  returns a password for the hash of a given salt with the given salt .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  return   terminate
truth:  return   password

test:  creates a query to filter messages based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  convert a timedelta object to its days .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  list all known application .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  display the output of a text .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  function   engulfing
truth:  function   coding

test:  calculate the t] exported between an array of polygon .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  return an iterator from a datastructures class that can be supplied as arguments .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  map   pending
truth:  map   default

test:  return a list of ipv6 addresses configured on the interface ifname .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  gets a free disk disk for a given platform .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  gemm computing an reduction .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  delete a token .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  removes   enhanced
truth:  removes   object

test:  merge a dictionary whose keys in a list of dictionary .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  combines   review
truth:  combines   keys

test:  create an exception class from a daemon .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  run command line from the main program .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  check   match
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write a commented gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  helper to scale bem surface of a bokeh scale too url .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  scale   labeled
truth:  scale   file

test:  check to see if a member exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  check   archive
truth:  check   member

test:  compress the path to the user configuration file .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  reverse   overlay
truth:  reverse   func

test:  check returns a list of available *domains string to check returns a list of the requested *domains .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  checks   estimating
truth:  checks   domains

test:  reconstruct a parameter object type into a numpy array .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  reconstruct   enhanced
truth:  reconstruct   object

test:  adjust the decorating class of a class the arguments are wanting to __init__ .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  makes   safe_octal
truth:  makes   class

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   gauss
truth:  compares   strings

test:  draw the networkx graph g .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   aliased
truth:  attach   json

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes that are assigned edges in a bipartite graph .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  same as rshift .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produces the context of the page that matches the given request .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  adds   bring
truth:  adds   page

test:  save properties from flavor into instances system_metadata information .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   dictview
truth:  save   instance_type

test:  returns the euler totient function .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   attached
truth:  returns   statistic

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for history file .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  enable   remove
truth:  enable   history

test:  helper function for _get_systemd_os_release_var() to xml .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  only run on netbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  takes a string and formats it to a length of its length .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  pads   shared
truth:  pads   string

test:  handle the last errors interrupt .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  stop the requested non-editable configuration .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stops   colorized
truth:  stops   context

test:  show number of bits in the database .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  syntax checking: missing syntax if a feature set .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  pulls   splits
truth:  pulls   checking

test:  returns a list of the user identified by a authorized request .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  get   iterate
truth:  get   auth

test:  return a dict of all available locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  handle matrices matrices by array .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  plots histograms of pregnancy length for hists plots .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  test the compatibility with a nested layer inputs and make sure its project with the fit_generator .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  apply swap context manager to stdin .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  like print_exc() but return a list of message tuples .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  format   applied
truth:  format   trace

test:  register a new test suite .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  upload   sleep
truth:  upload   files

test:  an open url .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  handles   access
truth:  handles   url

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  create a service that will create partial functions that generate commands for init .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  get a list of pending checks that are pending reboot .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  structure for a specific message interactively .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  pulls   imageidfield
truth:  pulls   debugging

test:  automatically converts text into a list of exactly tokens .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure that a process over a valueerror over potentially containing a source call .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  pulls   accepting
truth:  pulls   e

test:  test that presence or absence of an editable package is installed .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given a trail name describe its properties .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   r^2
truth:  create   form

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  a ordered list of spans for use with most similar functionality .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  extract   shared
truth:  extract   string

test:  city -> code_object return the parsed datetime object .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  given   temperature
truth:  given   date

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   looping
truth:  accepts   node

test:  clean up any of the pip that need cleanup .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  returns a list of fn(x) of degree .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  returns   indicate
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  delete a login profile .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  deletes   plan
truth:  deletes   profile

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  read metamorph stk header of file and classical an integer .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   building
truth:  read   tag

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  configure flocker agent for testing service .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   decompresses
truth:  configure   flocker

test:  make the input data point .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  sort   restrict
truth:  sort   array

test:  convert a dictionary of groups to a volumes_option dict of groups .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  list all cache groups belonging to a account .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prepend a path .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  prepend   pulls
truth:  prepend   null

test:  redirect to a user .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restore references to a ccx to collections of incoming values returns the restore of the ccx ccx .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   weblate
truth:  restore   references

test:  ishow the ishow mainloop for a script and need to be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  return true if variable is a shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  check   transliterate
truth:  check   variable

test:  suggest column names on table columns when selecting a qualified-table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  returns true if the patch is sgemv .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  scaled mag then returns the mag of a given integer .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  restore the top logging module to a specific logging .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  create a projection for a given signature or a path .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  remove   stores
truth:  remove   name

test:  try to return the menu prompt .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  generate   preselected
truth:  generate   choice

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   reorders
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  change the datastore stub of a datastore .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  like rearranged but converts an indexed key into a normal form .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  select   clones
truth:  select   server

test:  generate the text and profile it has the same notification as the user .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  responds   simulating
truth:  responds   input

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  load the scotvote data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  utility method that calls the docstring .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts an unload hook into an application processor .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  converts   belong
truth:  converts   hook

test:  runs the given file .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  set *variable* on this module .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  execute optional directly directly on a request .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  test that an exception not built into an exception handler .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  turns an alignment file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  helper to convert kinds to a list of lists parameters kinds : int .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  pulls   sympy
truth:  pulls   slice

test:  ensure that attempts to pricing urls are active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  training controller - used for searching for participants .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   touch
truth:  training   controller

test:  decode imagemagicks into a list of ascii bytes .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  chops   pulls
truth:  chops   null

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  scan a postfix submission of completion .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  test for get word from java file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test tight_layout for image topography .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  tests   thinks
truth:  tests   issue

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  enable the named container cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  used primarily of a parameter to send a specific user .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  get all the containers in a deployment .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  turn   currents
truth:  turn   state

test:  handle label on label .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  select   go
truth:  select   channels

test:  this function is called by client when possible .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  return a string for the given *nditerty* .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  transform an expression into a string of expressions .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  string   padded
truth:  string   evaluation

test:  patches the minion to remove any file .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   sleep
truth:  clear   files

test:  return a list of .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  apply function .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  apply   overlay
truth:  apply   func

test:  return disk block of a disk block .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns the name of a function .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  attempts   guessing
truth:  attempts   namespace

test:  return and b for numeric and b which are the numeric passed string of a .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator that converts a function into a function .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  wrap   filters
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for filterform .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write a component .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   msg
truth:  write   component

test:  formats the summary of a article to display it with the summary of the article .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  create an editable package that tests a package with no exclude .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return events of a number of events in the en ui .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  shift   rescales
truth:  shift   event

test:  convenience convenience function to delete any of the given post .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to log datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  generate a generator for a sequence of bytes .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  capture a running events .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  context manager that returns the current buffer temporarily create a temporary file .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  used   compresses
truth:  used   statement

test:  change the group and group id of a password and group id to new random user id .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   theorem
truth:  change   privileges

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  convert a string .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  run all commands in the database .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  removes   revoke
truth:  removes   collections

test:  decode a string into the number of fractional chars .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   ayoung
truth:  decode   base

test:  clear the login table .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns the url of all urlargs for the given module .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  return   pivoted
truth:  return   place

test:  return a list of the karma with a user .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   aristas
truth:  return   titles

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get a role policy for a role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  checks if the latest github is in the same github github if one exists .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  check   bandstop
truth:  check   release

test:  returns the os x tk tk .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  attempts to get the signed ca certificate signed user id of the certificate to .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a new function that iterates a list of sentences .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  preprocessing   teardown
truth:  preprocessing   type

test:  create symlink at the given path .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  a generator of all pairs of n elements of k n .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  make sure the test leads by estimated a distance from the type .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  unregister a registered review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   entries
truth:  unregister   review

test:  returns the full path of the supplied image .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  delete specified attachment specs .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  loads all lexers from a module and get it to lexer .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  load   unlocks
truth:  load   lexer

test:  parse the options from the command line into a list of arguments .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  recursively translate attributes from server running in the given operation .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  translate   replace
truth:  translate   create

test:  delete a s3 bucket .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  function   mixing
truth:  function   cleanup

test:  ask the question to docker-py .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  parse an integer as a number .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  convert a sound check string value as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   files
truth:  convert   check

test:  return a timezone string from a timezone .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   support
truth:  accepts   time

test:  set an alert device to all available lamps .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  iterator to convert func parameters into a time .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  creates a callback from the keyword arguments .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  calculate   listen
truth:  calculate   key

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  return the number of dbref this is the version of reqhash or 500s .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  see :meth: .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  evaluates   binhexed
truth:  evaluates   tests

test:  cast a theano function with 0 .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  test   lift
truth:  test   behaviour

test:  try to ensure that the vboxmanage module is loaded .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  checks   retrive
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the randomly generated random values in the input vector .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  corrupts   smooth
truth:  corrupts   vector

test:  generate path between other chains .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get the info container info dict for a given account .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   differentiate
truth:  get   accounts

test:  decorator for marking a function or a argument that returns a new decorator .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the latest available gce gce instance for the given distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  trigger scheduler .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   challengenes
truth:  trigger   hooks

test:  add a contributor to the document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   failed
truth:  add   contributor

test:  save a config .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  save   deflate
truth:  save   config

test:  returns the size in bytes representing a number .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  runs one or more shell command in a script which tests were having a testsuite set .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  run   rect
truth:  run   work

test:  latency messages on each socket in the diagram of a push socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  echo   prioritized
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrapper for page titles .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  return an latest repository of changeset_revisions and metadata for the received repository :arg client: an :class:elasticsearch repository that is configured to retrieve the latest changelog at the location as installable
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  forcibly get a unicode string from the given string .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  example: when i run "behave .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  convert the string from a area of indentation into a destination object .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  test column for column that can be used to generate info in qtable .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  replace   mutate
truth:  replace   column

test:  get start and a bunch of link-local .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  returns   reencrypt
truth:  returns   start

test:  handle time series for a given response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  steps that match groups takes named groups as named arguments .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  converts expr to a pretty equivalent of unicode string .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   express
truth:  renames   -

test:  return the rpm version string for use in rpm for the process version string .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  parse   extract
truth:  parse   version

test:  function which performs threaded xthreaded .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   ignores
truth:  read   meg

test:  check the all ea glances .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  returns a tuple of the best available ip addresses .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  parse   receives
truth:  parse   port

test:  creates an access token to use in the saving .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  access   emit
truth:  access   access

test:  write the name of the index for the given config_string .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  select the appropriate content of the directory .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  restful crud controller for resource .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if there is a free finite .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  run a remote system .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   allocate
truth:  run   user

test:  keystone a keystone client .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  generate the l2 l2 basis for a projection of f .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  projects   reported
truth:  projects   function

test:  return true if the ipv4 address is a valid ip .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  get the absolute area of a vector3 polygon .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   clamp
truth:  get   area

test:  check if the iteration is available .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  sets the unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   translates
truth:  sets   flags

test:  decorator to check the correct set of values in the cart .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  sort video subtitles into a list of pixel subtitles .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  aux function .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  given   increase
truth:  given   nodes

test:  load two images using our lh .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  give   overwrites
truth:  give   shape

test:  return matching the argspec object .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue in the queue if there are any .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   pulls
truth:  pop   null

test:  returns an input data with shape and shape .
truth: input data . 
test:  input   restoring
truth:  input   data

test:  validates that the supplied arguments are valid and keyword arguments .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  test installing a package with symlinks installed directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a bayesian for the gpg of the repo .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   absorb
truth:  return   gpg

test:  implement a function *fn* .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  submits the pickle of lines in the given directory .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  format   sleep
truth:  format   files

test:  a simple login protected view that returns a simple view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  return an object which can be used to serialize the given object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  serializes   enhanced
truth:  serializes   object

test:  return the potential energy of a multibody system .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  pulls   humanized
truth:  pulls   energy

test:  convert all keys in a dictionary to a float object .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  return a helper function that takes a _get_systemd_os_release_var() to be used in the reason to return a timestamp of a a region .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  returns   restart
truth:  returns   account

test:  grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   constructs
truth:  grab   lock

test:  add items to a cloudformation if they are found .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the third axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   extract
truth:  prints   version

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  used   mixing
truth:  used   cleanup

test:  helper function to register an entry from a particular named entry .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the value consisting of a tensor .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  get   overriding
truth:  get   dimension

test:  class decorator represents a class instance from a list of methods .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  serialize   pushing
truth:  serialize   model

test:  returns a valid configuration options available in the config options .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  remove all modules from the database .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  pulls   shutdown
truth:  pulls   tables

test:  check if a vm exists cli example: .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  query   hostname
truth:  query   vm

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  challenges a client for a key .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  unary_expression : sizeof unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the set of known errors in the caching configuration file .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   ssl
truth:  returns   errors

test:  return a temporary file path which will create the file as a .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  return a boolean value of the current os x among the lvs modules cli example: .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  determines   grouping
truth:  determines   system

test:  set data in detail for clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  set   filter_template
truth:  set   clipboard

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  check that a slug name is valid .
truth: check slug . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  detect which return all of the form of a particular type in the optimizer .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a project object for a project this is composed of its acl we only be bootstraps .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  fast vertical merges of a output: by size .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  merges a single hash into a destination function .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  given   bench
truth:  given   value

test:  writes the received src for any addparentstofks .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  get last modified date of a date .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  guess   pulls
truth:  guess   null

test:  replacement for numpy .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  tear down the cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  makes the increasing approach configured using the encryption library .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  makes   applied
truth:  makes   trace

test:  return the full version of a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  set android android as media player object .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  return the list of events to include in the user .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return the nth standardized moment of the values of a random expression .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  extracts the generated code from an http header string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  ensures that the kb impulse of the probability impulse .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  mean   forget
truth:  mean   inverse

test:  info info on unknown image(s) uuid : string optional uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  show   mix
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses a version string like "2004-08-30 into a tuple of numbers .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parses   address
truth:  parses   sqlalchemy

test:  check all entrance exam problems .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  grabs   unmap
truth:  grabs   descriptors

test:  the same as high .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  return field methods from an object .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the complex path from the vector3 evaluator path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the return field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  locate the string s in binary form .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  checking   tracked
truth:  checking   s

test:  compute harris corner measure response image where a given synsets are given .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   install
truth:  compute   response

test:  get a list of dicts for the provided class .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  get   crack
truth:  get   _

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   restrict
truth:  prewitt   array

test:  make the query rl for all question views .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  add a medias .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   moving
truth:  add   broadcast

test:  find a library .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  url   paging
truth:  url   interface

test:  delete a form .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  returns true if the given ip is running .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  given   receives
truth:  given   port

test:  add a host to the /etc/hosts file .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   preloading
truth:  add   host

test:  test relative requirements file to a url .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  perform an a record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  itemfield view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  sends an dry email using the specified dry .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  copied   alteratives
truth:  copied   website

test:  tree how many open is being executed .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  replace   emitting
truth:  replace   character

test:  load all scores for a query .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test that contextwin = only one element is a utf8 element of the element .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  win   pulls
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   gzip
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder of .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  show commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  print   compressing
truth:  print   menu

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   cast
truth:  commits   transaction

test:  check a package name and use this to use library .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  specify   excluded
truth:  specify   party

test:  create the most recent commit window .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  set   skipping
truth:  set   score

test:  a fixture providing a topic for a test topic in a single topic .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  locked   stops
truth:  locked   topic

test:  return a list of python extensions for all .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  get   hydrate
truth:  get   core

test:  return a part of default string in the document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  disassociate specified qos specs from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  get the name of a function based on its name .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  return a type of imp for a filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  remove the given url .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  yaml: delivery-pipeline requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:delivery builder plugin <delivery+pipeline+plugin> .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a custom controller from pypi to demo .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  modified   access
truth:  modified   url

test:  restores a configuration configs from the current working plugin .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  split a pull-raw expression into a %prec expression .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  return unicode representation of a string .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  test that autoroutes can be converted to polar wedge .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  check   flattens
truth:  check   output

test:  confirm that fn is equivalent to the python version .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  statement_list : lbrace initializer_list rbrace | lbrace initializer_list comma rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   escapes
truth:  compute   student

test:  deserialize zfs zfs .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 3-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  determine if the provided signature is invalid .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compute boxcox decomposition of g .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  compute   collate
truth:  compute   box

test:  the numa fit fit for later credentials .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  fit   impute
truth:  fit   topology

test:  test that --stream works with various compatibility .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  return true if the gcc status run a gcc that file contains a given status run .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  passing   uppercase
truth:  passing   harvest

test:  returns a timedelta timedelta for a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  validates that a host mapping only contains console mapping .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  validate   presents
truth:  validate   mapping

test:  analyzes the language-code to find what accept the user wants the users from .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  pulls   equate
truth:  pulls   browser

test:  return true if a is in the array b .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   eliminates
truth:  compare   elements

test:  create a base url for a relative resource on the api .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  leaving specified tree .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  intercept attempts to save and insert the tree tree .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  clobber   constrain
truth:  clobber   attribute

test:  classify the internal function to support limited functionality from a set of substrings .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  classify   safe_octal
truth:  classify   class

test:  return the second of n x n see also returns an integer .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  restore ext2 on a table from a renewal config file .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  modifies   step
truth:  modifies   names

test:  return a list of font files for the given directories in the path .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  create a new bookmark .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  create   reallocation
truth:  create   collection

test:  compute histogram summaries .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  attach   height
truth:  attach   lot

test:  converts a python reference from a document_pb and returns the corresponding reference reference to a stream of their reference .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  copy   localize
truth:  copy   reference

test:  creates the extension for the specified trigger .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  try to find a version of the first loaded .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  mock   authorizes
truth:  mock   command

test:  returns true if the object is a generator which looks like a list of strings .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the text when the widget is cleared .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  update default configuration options for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  update   forbid
truth:  update   options

test:  make a function to get the minimum of a given option .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  choose   uncheck
truth:  choose   element

test:  ensure typical usage works correctly set in stderr .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  files   sleep
truth:  files   files

test:  zip ony message route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  format   astring
truth:  format   route

test:  get the revision id of the last configuration .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   search
truth:  command   d

test:  return a list of the required levels in the form passed .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return usb_devices information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  decorator for reduction methods that return a method name .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a model that is visible to a model of layer 2 .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  construct   reported
truth:  construct   function

test:  generates all the horner of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  fill a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  fill   labeled
truth:  fill   file

test:  get the service name .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the specified output contains n content .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   flattens
truth:  asserts   output

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes edges between they are slashes and sub data .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns the number of consonant in a list w .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   expect
truth:  create   body

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   base64
truth:  construct   ring

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  sets the useragent for useragent .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  set   reading
truth:  set   agent

test:  check to make sure the default plot works as expected .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the resource filename for the specified resource .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  hook   teardown
truth:  hook   type

test:  ensures that the right false} false} in a given expression which looks up all but groups in the available expression .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  split   array
truth:  split   computation

test:  remove the user from both http their errors and have to change the password they are logged in the user .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  records override a timeout for the timeout or timeout .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  override   statsd
truth:  override   timeout

test:  bump cache for product for product for product in a product product .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  bump   eliminating
truth:  bump   cache

test:  cache have been set of not caching .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  caching   pulls
truth:  caching   null

test:  return a dict of environment variable definitions in the consumption .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  helper function to get tool value based on a dict of tool values .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns the bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  try to find a python modpath .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  remove files in the directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  these acl complexes complexes into a list of acl tuples and acl info .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  represent   shutdown
truth:  represent   tables

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   whiteboard
truth:  encode   payload

test:  return a list of resource identifiers for the source user .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   bans
truth:  return   resources

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  returns the description of a resources function .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return val in radiants .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  scale   bench
truth:  scale   value

test:  yaml: rvm send build for rvm in rvm environment variables .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   accept
truth:  pulls   env

test:  return the surface of mean-squre-error that are between the game and comparatively .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  pulls   carves
truth:  pulls   constraint

test:  wraps the application in the pony .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  adds   grant
truth:  adds   power

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  run a folder or vm machine : string vm to run any of the virtual machine .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  waits for a mailchimp with a list of relationships to subscribe its data on the mailchimp list .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  determine if a file is a valid image file .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  group items by backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  create a locale for the locale form .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  helper to get i3 .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the instructor for a given entity in the given instructor .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns a user dict for the given invoice method for the given course .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  gets   serializes
truth:  gets   preferences

test:  save config file to the logical socket socket .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  convert   freezing
truth:  convert   configuration

test:  returns the mulrowcol .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  multiplies   highlight
truth:  multiplies   row

test:  the pprint for the exception class .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  base   unbinds
truth:  base   exceptions

test:  convert a box .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  convert   adds
truth:  convert   r

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  true if the given toc is on the tree node .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  detect   enhanced
truth:  detect   object

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  process the status of a number of files into a list of status .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  files   point
truth:  files   status

test:  get the geometry tools directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  disconnects to the lazy client for a collection collection .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  return the uri reference for the given uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return a connected connected component of all connected components in g .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  returns all templates in the directory tree .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   pulls
truth:  command   null

test:  sample from sample of a vector3 .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  retrieve all defaults associated with a given quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   optimize
truth:  retrieve   quotas

test:  declare all the keys in a class that represents a list of properties .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  function   puts
truth:  function   canvas

test:  the kullback-leibler divergence_ loss .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  julian calendar date to julian .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  pulls   basestring
truth:  pulls   migration

test:  automatically remove the logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add site queue .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  add   equalize
truth:  add   email

test:  returns the number of individual interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  pulls   demos
truth:  pulls   scan

test:  remove a handler reference from a list of internal bootstrap list using a single cleanup parameter .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  calculates the maximum likelihood estimator .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  decorator used as retrying object has the rate .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return vertices of turan digraph with n nodes .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   config
truth:  return   patterns

test:  read and return the contents of a file .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  migrate location credentials for swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   expose
truth:  migrate   credentials

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  add   base64
truth:  add   ring

test:  add a pool to the f5 load balancer cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  stop all workers and their workers if they are not present .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  check   resulting
truth:  check   workers

test:  check if a link is any any any of the given marketing link in the list of any of the marketing .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  yields the description of a current set of possible tuples .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  tokenize   shared
truth:  tokenize   string

test:  prints the pprint for the input .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  get the total number of writes traffic .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test major dots with a major label dots .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   stop
truth:  test   dots

test:  get event strategy that are associated with a given event .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  pulls   toggle
truth:  pulls   infinite

test:  ensure vm is running on the computenode name : string [uuid|alias|hostname] of vm .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  starts   jitter
truth:  starts   guest

test:  clone a vdi that is reference to the requested clone .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  raise a message with the given error and raise an error message if there is not in the error and raise errors .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  puts html characters from a text using whitespace .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  transform   autoencoder
truth:  transform   xml

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  test disarmed slugify with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  pulls   server_root
truth:  pulls   opts

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance this code is copied from the list of classes .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  helper function to wait until a github user has to authorized to the github user .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  obtain   occurring
truth:  obtain   authorization

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   rising
truth:  return   group

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   stores
truth:  update   name

test:  runs the command line openssl tool .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  display a fsl_course setting that preserves the integers size .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  handle the post save for the instance .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   computing
truth:  test   initialisation

test:  regression test for a regression where fourier_series collect data points .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  runs the clean up to the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  guess the path for storing the current operating system .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the given view .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  make   built
truth:  make   maintenance

test:  count occurrences of words in random string by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   collects
truth:  returns   count

test:  returns a group topic delete confirmation page .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   enumerator_list
truth:  returns   confirmation

test:  decorator for six methods in bench .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  returns the ids of all courseware ids in the course tree which have been created with those related to any of the default values for the tabs .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  convert between 0 and ratio to lux .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return base32 services that should be used for searching for searching .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  provides   trivial
truth:  provides   connection

test:  verifies that a directory does not provided does not exist .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   crop
truth:  verifies   directory

test:  check if a specified service is available on boot cli example: .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the line number in the template error .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  check if environment variables running running spiders .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  helper function to convert the forward variable in a inclusive way .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  convert   divides
truth:  convert   matrices

test:  split a list of hosts pairs into the system .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  run a shell command .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   publish
truth:  save   graph

test:  compute the uptime of weeks .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  trims link to html .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  see find_boundaries .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   bench
truth:  save   value

test:  test purging user using user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  get a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   archive
truth:  format   member

test:  generate random asset key for a course asset .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generates   enhanced
truth:  generates   object

test:  read named ranges for all httpconnection nodes .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   overwriting
truth:  read   ranges

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the latest release of the currently selected tag .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  removes the logrotate app for the logs that matches the provided app .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  removes   optimized
truth:  removes   script

test:  lookup the command to use in reverse order .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  the query parameter is a list of tuples of equal elements .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  pad   eliminates
truth:  pad   elements

test:  return an unpickled file to all the provided attributes .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  resolve   instantiate
truth:  resolve   arguments

test:  only work on moduleonlyworksonmac systems with moduleonlyworksonmac .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  require an addons reviewer reviewer .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   local_rvs
truth:  require   addons

test:  convert the fontsize length of a fontsize to a tz-aware unit .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   reserializes
truth:  run   widget

test:  sets a extra wsgi application on the musicbrainz wsgi application .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  aggregated sources: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a list of groups the named user belongs to .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   listen
truth:  constructs   key

test:  run tests for the provided test suite .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  shared   pulls
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  parse in the mailitemproperty string from the file .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  check whether the node is higher to run this test .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  search   reported
truth:  search   function

test:  registers an action to be a task .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  prompt   pick
truth:  prompt   callback

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  a decorator that adds a single property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_method property based on the class .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  find the users system ports .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  finds   step
truth:  finds   names

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add plugins to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  returns a flag for a group .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a generator to read the contents of a substring .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  generate   packed
truth:  generate   chunks

test:  returns the store store in the datastore .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  create eeg average ref .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  rotate a polygon calculate a polygon in os-independent .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  given   logs
truth:  given   vertices

test:  determine which step to get the host data for various pokedex .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  determine   negate
truth:  determine   resource

test:  match the given by an ssh report in the given register .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  extract   enhance
truth:  extract   items

test:  return a map of sets of all possible sets of the given state by state .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  given   stacks
truth:  given   states

test:  processes the text processor into urlencoded data processor .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  accept   express
truth:  accept   -

test:  get the api query for the widget from the users api .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given an payment instance .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  get   svn
truth:  get   dicts

test:  transform a numpy array into a numpy array with the specified sizes .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transform   attributes
truth:  transform   arrays

test:  generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  enable the entity cache of the entity .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   eliminating
truth:  enable   cache

test:  return layout dict where the last value is defined in the specified setuid_user .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  infer   pulls
truth:  infer   null

test:  set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example:
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  creates a emails for the user that has an email address .
truth: keep user . 
test:  keep   allocate
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a 405 method that ensures that the provided not include error methods .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns true if the file passed as is a number .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  get information about a policy .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  create a host or list of dicts for the route53 .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  look up the opts for an pillar .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  return   settings

test:  a simple separator that pops has to the path header .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  find the most recent library :return: a list of library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  tries   wheather
truth:  tries   library

test:  and it does upgrade if there is an old specific version .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  locate a file path from its path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  calculate and save the support forum .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  both central language code .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  return   iuploader
truth:  return   lookup

test:  set up the requested world air quality index .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  ensures all commands and handle status code is one of the other commands .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  check if liberal is a hypervisor_pool of text .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps api calls with role based access controls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  wraps   dispatched
truth:  wraps   calls

test:  check the modules variable to octal the octal file .
truth: using os . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  generate   teardown
truth:  generate   type

test:  see if an exception is a valid sender id .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  ensure   requesting
truth:  ensure   i

test:  return the docstrings of a class in the namespace .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  sets the device to use for a device in the assign .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  returns the no-op value of the given data .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter the given regular expression or return the primary_expression property based on the given regular expression .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  filters   lstrip
truth:  filters   set

test:  convert all the iso8601 score in the db .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  some code now .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  pulls   testsuites
truth:  pulls   keyword

test:  recursive helper method to derive all modules in the path .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  return   init
truth:  return   modules

test:  destroy a floating ip by return the values dictionary .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   height
truth:  destroy   lot

test:  searches the indexes and splits lists to a list of lists .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  index   switch
truth:  index   list

test:  wraps djangos reverse to create the correct reverse type for the current thread .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  wraps   base64encodes
truth:  wraps   djangos

test:  return a list of virtual targets that have been return .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  ensure that definitions is a string or a list of strings .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  create an iterator of lists with a list of their string .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  build   expect
truth:  build   body

test:  returns true if the given user has staff staff access for the course wiki .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  convert a file system path to a path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   tokenizing
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  return the latest downloadable changeset revision for the provided repository :arg client: an util effect .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the tree of a tree or an element depending on its content if it is an html5lib tree .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  restful crud controller - needed to just search_ac for use in autocompletes .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get all migration of an instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  tests if a number uses the checking function to check the cache .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  generate a decorator from a oauth clientsecrets file .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a non-escaped tag .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  determine   unifies
truth:  determine   encoding

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  decodes a rrq wrq .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  fit dask by threaded a fit into a dask table .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  calculate the quantize of a point .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  returns the last matched fade .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  uses   switch
truth:  uses   list

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   attach
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of child link .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   retuned
truth:  link   revisions

test:  wrapper for two system configuration files .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  get the status of a vcenter server .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  extract the total number of seconds from a timedelta object in a way that is compatible with python <= 2 .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  resource endpoint endpoint handler .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   lets
truth:  endpoint   handler

test:  checks if the given function func is a valid string .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a new api key : a list of enabled api description cli example: .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  list pending entries that are not always have been added .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  converts any lists of header_start in this file to the new equivalent .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  handles   whiteboard
truth:  handles   payload

test:  helper function to get a message object .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  rfc   pulls
truth:  rfc   null

test:  checks to see if the specific apache mod is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return element in predicate by predicate .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  returns true if a query representation of a query subclasses have a given string .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the path segments of a library .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  combines   flip
truth:  combines   python

test:  parse a xblock xblock format string into a dict .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  convert   compose
truth:  convert   usage

test:  subtract dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   calculate
truth:  confine   windows

test:  install some app if it is already installed .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  get a decorator that is an a set of tuples of a callable .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  adds   located
truth:  adds   method

test:  open all or specified cover for muting events .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  return the information for a named container cli example: .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  returns   satisfy
truth:  returns   container

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   truncate
truth:  creates   savepoint

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  signal that a pem of text is in a string .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  manage   bartels
truth:  manage   contents

test:  decides if g for graph is strongly regular graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decodes input_bytes against e .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

