test:  reorder a list of all the classes .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup rfxtrx sensors .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  builds the supplied probe probe probes from the supplied probes .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  test   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating records from existing records .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach total_watchers boolean representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   votes

test:  add theming locales to the theme .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   locale

test:  given a template name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  guess   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert a path to a fully qualified path .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   path

test:  open file with payload .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  function   file
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file for a file .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  removes a vhost vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  scale and write triangulated triangulated file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  multiply   file
truth:  null   bottom

test:  apply a screenshot via a step .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  capture   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return the program dict of the tool shed available for each tool .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  command   zeros
truth:  if   path

test:  request to have rescore exam as entrance task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  to   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  override this test runner .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  redefine   null

test:  decorator to create a method or a tlockname method .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  null   optional
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a date object .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  converts id into a beaker path to a file path .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   task

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   home

test:  return a generator of nodes that are largest in g .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  change the group and return a list of names of user names cli example: .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  return   grain
truth:  process   process

test:  creates a list with wsdl from a list of mm .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  function   add
truth:  set   a

test:  return a without special characters .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  determine whether x is a white scalar or a white .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  null   k
truth:  null   covariance

test:  find if the given value contains a specific register location .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  find indices in the backpropagation .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  indices   null
truth:  indices   indices

test:  destroys from the database .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   test

test:  fix the line with the given content text .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  fix   line

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   asserts
truth:  check   check

test:  take a keyword string .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   split

test:  run a django command .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  run   run
truth:  null   logic

test:  return an absolute file url from a file .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   a

test:  converts request handling to html .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  null   request
truth:  request   request

test:  dont start time .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  get   decodes
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  evaluate estimator on quantity .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  function   a
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a simulated or an evolutionary matrix .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests the elements of a tuple .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  reverses   a
truth:  given   null

test:  find the maximum number of object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks only left and right iterators .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  multiply   xfail
truth:  decorate   a

test:  build a api or a mapping file from a string .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  split   a
truth:  build   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   max_staleness
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task to start the current task slot by type .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  start   start

test:  generate the bootstrap sample from the principal tuple .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  used   a
truth:  yields   null

test:  returns class manager that is equal to the one or more ip art from the original saturday .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts the value of the request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  value   value
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  wrapper for pythons .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  define   create
truth:  defines   null

test:  check a network version of a mysql version .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list servers servers backend for haproxy backend haproxy backend .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  the humanized directory and all python source files .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  find   service
truth:  go   null

test:  return a file hash object for the given file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  swap the case of the matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  swap   swap

test:  solve a rational function .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  solve   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  outputs a url derived from the current urls .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  shared password the unusable password .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  allows   request
truth:  null   login

test:  compute sqf norm of f .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  build   norm
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  executes the correlation matrix in x .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  unzip   returns
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  up the keyboard button for muting volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   press
truth:  press   press

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   endpoints
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  this function returns a tgrep2 of a tgrep2 search action on a dictionary .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  is   return
truth:  builds   a

test:  test to make sure that options imports in the console .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  run   exe
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  l2 norm of 2d array .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  null   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   dictionary
truth:  given   null

test:  take the value passed in the destination setting .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  set   set
truth:  take   null

test:  convert an sequence of bytes into a bytes .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  from bracket on a shutdown thread .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  read   changes
truth:  shuts   null

test:  get the version of a single api .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  retrieves   dict
truth:  returns   version

test:  return class name .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  null   null
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shut down the system .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   wrapper
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  sorts multiple sorted exceptions in the sequence .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-img-streams this action is intended to provide cleanup for the equivalent of an oc step in openshift .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup sidebar .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  remove   logging
truth:  enable   enable

test:  generate a random password from the raw alphabet .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  replaces   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  retrieve the path to an indexed action .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  get   rpc
truth:  return   return

test:  set new deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  admin view decorator .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  handle   function
truth:  null   api

test:  downloads a vm .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  checks   attributes
truth:  run   run

test:  set the global relic .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  projects   sets
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of sandbox from the provided site .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  return true if slug can be hashed .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a key/value pair in the vault service .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display the {a from the general port of the device .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  generates   search
truth:  turn   a

test:  assert that object is a certain number of arrays .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  check   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert object object into a python set .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  find   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  uses a dominating set to all the edges .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  map   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  remove small objects from a zero .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  connected   remove

test:  returns the url for the given section .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disable an event term on the system .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  do   factory
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  changes the device path .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  file   a
truth:  null   null

test:  coala any urls .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   x

test:  returns a list of elements from a partition .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  unpack   partitions
truth:  create   dask

test:  get pillar pillar by name cli example: .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  get   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  return a list of fragments objects for the requested angle .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a mock string to add a list of tuples to the output .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  backup   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   truncate
truth:  expected   null

test:  creates a django model instance for a django eggs .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  form   form

test:  convert a file path to folder .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  clear all cgsnapshots view .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if specified port is a valid port .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a new undirected graph that has been modified .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a list of python objects .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  dump   sort
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  helper to construct an expression for a scalar scalar .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  format   create
truth:  replace   a

test:  returns the path of the page paths to given config .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return data to a document_pb with vcenter .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  set   up

test:  adds a call to the remote server .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   method

test:  return the user model object for the given email address .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  to   null
truth:  look   up

test:  shortcut to load qualifier default .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  load   python
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch legend for a payload .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  print   shows
truth:  function   function

test:  replace the environment .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  require   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  list of modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  print   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  loads a pickle file .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  loads   obj
truth:  load   a

test:  update an computenode or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  remove a value from gentoo_mirrors variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  latex   remove
truth:  latex   latex

test:  display a line index in the css order .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  dotted   test
truth:  display   display

test:  set the sqlite sqlite to be sent to the client .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  set   child
truth:  update   update

test:  calculate all pairwise comparisons on a list of sample_dicts this function establish fasta_labels: a dictionary of raw front .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  writes message handler based on file-like error .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  checks   a

test:  flag an "atomic" file or folder .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  test   null
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the list of objects that are not used for access to the "names" order of the strings .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate urls in group title .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  obtain a dict of data from a spider .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  merge   wrapper
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return all dependencies of the dependencies dictionary that match the given target .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  cleanup   generate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  validates that all exploration ids in the collection private ids are the same as the collection .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  if   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get the task info of a task .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a timestamp string to a str .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the node ports is edges .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  like   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns equation of aggregate .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a minion by name .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  pack a stream and deserializes it .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  serialize   deserialize
truth:  object   object

test:  fixture that returns true when we can override the default config handler .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  corresponding   override
truth:  override   override

test:  create a http build method .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  test uninstalling an editable from svn .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  uninstall   uninstalling
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  simple patterns function .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  null   read
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a dictionary is a dictionary .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  check   dependencies
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  delete packages which were automatically installed as dependencies .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a vector of conjugatereturn .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a keys keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sync returner modules from salt://_returners to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   returner
truth:  sync   sync

test:  catches the spurious traceback .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  null   null

test:  deserialize a user cli examples: .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  null   task
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns the disqus id for an object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns true when we could successfully convert the type to a string .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   parameters

test:  create a new database with the given name .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  create   test
truth:  to   null

test:  helper to ipexec .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  strip   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert ix to ix .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns a list of gettext bidi .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  override   override

test:  provide and return the network device .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  list   controller
truth:  iterate   null

test:  wraps a method or admin extract_diagonal(host_from_gpu()) .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  null   functools

test:  get host information directly for an network vmware environment cli example: .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  run   ssh
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live live screenshot to support screenshot .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  null   ftp
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string with markers converted to nulls .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  escape   function
truth:  insert   insert

test:  reduce the given string to a python object .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  to   a
truth:  reduce   null

test:  return the value for the given value .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  value   get
truth:  null   psutil

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  searches python list based on the given template .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  search   output
truth:  searches   python

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  set cos .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  return a ca list of tuples .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  true if there is a arithmetic operator .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes a value to json and deserializes it from json .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  null   backend
truth:  serializes   a

test:  build a show for a show scene exceptions from a show season .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  show   a
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  waits for either for the function or kill if no timeout was available .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns a list of xmodule urls to be used in the javascript dir .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sends an email to your broken broken .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  have   null
truth:  email   email

test:  returns all sha-256 templates for the given host .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build a testcase that runs a test case .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in python 2 format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   graph
truth:  read   graph

test:  convert a variable to theano .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  like   null
truth:  casts   a

test:  context manager for setting the given output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  updates a network acl acl .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  language: fr -> sucess table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  null   step
truth:  testing   testing

test:  return the value of the factory as a python value .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create translated revision in the background .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  issue   update
truth:  return   a

test:  migrate admission facts to facts .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   correct
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  test that the how many vm 1 .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  log   log

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   ovs
truth:  register   linux

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  multifactorial from the mutant .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return a domain expression for a sequence of 3d pairs .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  convert list of polynomials as a string of cumulants cumulants .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  convert   matrix
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse lists of line or return a tuple with the results in the command line .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  checks if this user is in an int .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  test link to link with a status status has changed .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  url   a
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  reachable calendar updates .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  update   use
truth:  persists   new

test:  return a actors representing the specified key in the filesystem .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  find   a
truth:  determine   a

test:  remove the given file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return information on a user cli example: .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  restart   information
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a list of the entire vector of the given page .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  insert a new query into the database .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  turns a list of tuples into a list of tuples .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  convert   accept
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper function for use in templates .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  convert   filter
truth:  converts   a

test:  remove files or destination .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  remove   arguments
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns virtualenv or none if sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   sys
truth:  get   sys

test:  convert binary array into tuple .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  int   binary
truth:  convert   a

test:  create and return a url- file .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  load   data

test:  map all modules to an plugins .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  required   a
truth:  get   get

test:  write a callback to the group .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  write   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a supported supported in supported format .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  converts a string to a continuous string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  null   in
truth:  print   print

test:  configure idp xrds .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  needs   a
truth:  to   null

test:  tries to get a image name for the given device name .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the / skew skew skew .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  calculates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  displays a html snippet as a javascript rotation .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode prior prior to python 3 components .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  projects a full site .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  have   null
truth:  list   site

test:  ajax handler for zen editor editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  export   view
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns object id .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail when a review user is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  entry point for csrf .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  given   null
truth:  resolve   a

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: status add . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  add   add

test:  encode a single git path into an url .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   python
truth:  encode   encode

test:  zoom in a single image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  null   images
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private lock .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  debugging   callbacks
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  validate request or possibly wsgi since response is valid .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  null   status
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get unit changes to adjust unit .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  get   translation
truth:  returns   units

test:  find a type corresponding to a stack .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  get a list of scientific definitions for a given iterable object .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  test that the image can be converted to the censure color of the image .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  see   test
truth:  null   censure

test:  set label value in the supplied file .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  build   a
truth:  add   add

test:  compact the object to a python object .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load scores from a given directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  given   src
truth:  return   a

test:  caches the changed changes .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  serves   cleanup
truth:  null   reload

test:  return the first element of a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  just make sure that we can use to transfer a comparators .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  walk through all python data in the package .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  package   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct location .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load buffer also end in buffer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  compute the node statistics for a given sample .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   a
truth:  moves   null

test:  detects a movie file in a movie file .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  search   null
truth:  run   a

test:  helper function to generate a list of possible objects .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  null   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  unsubscribe watching a watch .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  null   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  set a connection for the current thread .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  make   configure
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   find

test:  restart all traffic server nodes in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  helper function to format the various subscription .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  return   equivalent
truth:  is   null

test:  commits a transaction manager .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  changes   create
truth:  changes   changes

test:  call a function with a timeout .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  func   function
truth:  null   null

test:  return true iff any overlapping must be escaped within any final nodes .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure permissions are 3d .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   format
truth:  ensure   null

test:  user has admin view .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format into local date string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generator to flatten the shortest path .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can point passed to steps .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   scenario

test:  create a recursive response for a given settings .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  returns   real
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  convert a version string to a tuple that is a tuple of tuples .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   version

test:  convert integer in order to an integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   integer
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return the log-likelihood function of functionality .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  null   null

test:  view the rendered page .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  endpoint   view
truth:  receives   null

test:  converts host string to hex color format .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the full error code corresponding to cmd .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given user is registered .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all configured floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  lists all firewall entries via binary .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  execute   one
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  set a new project for a new project .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  command   create
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  update heavy-job configuration file for the needed .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  matching   configures
truth:  remove   remove

test:  drop the points around the nearest class .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a absolute path to a resource name .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  update the files in the file .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   head

test:  return sass directories that need to sass in the sass system .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  handler for the result of a line .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  handle   statements
truth:  parse   a

test:  adds certificates from doctype path to certificates in pages .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the given key is a valid *k* key .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  pulls   test
truth:  computes   a

test:  given an url of otu map file into an otu map file .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  list   list

test:  attr_gt edit .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  edit   view
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a list of thumbnails in files for all thumbnails .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  export   a
truth:  return   a

test:  import a dotted path based on the dot notated path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a crc32 checksum of a file .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   version

test:  install a capability capability args: capability : the capability to add the capability to be deleted access via triangle image : the capability to install windows image for online images
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  flip the image horizontally .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   map
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   add
truth:  to   add

test:  retrieves all base lun name for a volume .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  find   return
truth:  base   base

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  search for all python python related files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   a
truth:  search   search

test:  install a function that attaches a hashable reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  install   null
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  get the item from the database .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  allow   request
truth:  obtains   null

test:  determine if the given string is casava or contains casava .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the disk usage in a dictionary .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of refs that can be used by the billedopproto command .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_list .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  null   parameter_type_list
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert a numpy/scipy matrix to a numpy matrix .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  build clonespec config object from a template .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  build   config
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : string convert a long integer to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  scale the carving of a gcode file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  scale   a
truth:  null   bottom

test:  remove rendered makepatch from separaters .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  function   sort
truth:  create   a

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  override   view
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a po stack for tensorflow and bazaar matrices .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  register   a
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns the number of keys required to hold a module .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  module   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture that mocks and returns a actual helper method that can be run in the test window .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  providing   null
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  find all matching selector in context .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  query   a

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  check that we can test to ensure we dont use a node with a elemwise shape .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   kinds

test:  map the check request to an http check .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  performs   request
truth:  is   null

test:  get the actual photo of a monit file .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assign input x to the expression tree .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  discard   tests
truth:  create   lhs

test:  compare two list_ops objects .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  function   function

test:  list all the features .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  prints   metadata
truth:  get   get

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  flow   flow

test:  perform a list of filenames .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  files   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  split   null
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture to return a context for use in a cookiecutter .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a decorator that converts a function into a string argument .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  value   null
truth:  function   function

test:  splits a dataset into it .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   up

test:  get all defined networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given url resolves to the default url resolver .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  test   return
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten a list of lists into a list of lists .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  set up the pylitejet sensor .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  initialize   null

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  return   change
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one line of python and look for python and look up values of python and look up values of python and look like logical line .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   one
truth:  scan   one

test:  test psdestimator io .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday -- pig api definition .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the tiecorrect structuring element .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  use   like
truth:  tie   correction

test:  return the status of a scan .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   status

test:  call this request on the exist in the exist .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   text
truth:  input   input

test:  normalize a path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convenience function to create an identity setting .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the average index of the graph g .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  repeat timer to repeat .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  indicate   function
truth:  function   function

test:  translate a shell-like pattern to a regular expression pattern .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  test a bug in limiting .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  has   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed from key .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  return true iff obj is a search of relying .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return the manager that is currently registered with the passed manager .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   a

test:  retrieve system state for a given project .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  apply function to values of dictionary map .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  calls   value
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of all the keywords found in the given keywords .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  creates   x
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a string containing a csv separated fields into a csv string .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  create   return
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of disk devices .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  null   null
truth:  displays   a

test:  check to see if a group auth has the specified permission .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  if   attributes
truth:  has   null

test:  manage the snmp traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  return sample lines from mf file .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  list feedback workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  list   function
truth:  displays   null

test:  given a soap enveloped enveloped instances .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  extract image from glance type or others cli example: .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  simple function to print the settings of the settings .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  transform the value with gamma values from gamma to cubehelix .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  =   a
truth:  return   custom

test:  prepare a fancyarrow instance with u'fancyarrow .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  create   attributes
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of configured subscriptions from project .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  spawn custom stream of usage .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  transform   method
truth:  spawn   a

test:  returns index .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   null

test:  change the users full name cli example: .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  updates   change
truth:  set   set

test:  check that all indices of the given axis have unique indices .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  kill all cgroups .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  this view is for showing an http body .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  if a python module is loaded .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  returns continuation weight for the line .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  prefix   content
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the cpu contains the specified cpu .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  calculate the sampled loss for an sampled sequence .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  weighted   null

test:  only work on systemd .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  validate   work
truth:  work   work

test:  use an argument to check whether an instance of the given instance .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  decode a resource .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get and add an indexed heightgrid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes timings from memcache and other them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  delete   homepage
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  creates an element from xml element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  ensure that the named ip is absent .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  load   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dict containing all keys of the given .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  returns true if given stream is a json stream .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transforms any exceptions into proper exceptions .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  transforms   a

test:  patch python object by the arguments .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  patches   redirect
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  this view function does exactly one or more vms that has a response .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns url to try to retrieve the http proxy server .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invalidates the hash .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   a
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  tokenize input from the sentence .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generates a collection type from a dataset .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  function   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return a list of height that can be referenced with a x x .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute one loss from one deterministic loss .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  weighted   sample
truth:  null   classification

test:  return paths to use in directory .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  return   paths

test:  format the value for safe parsing tree .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function to wrap a function in a transaction .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  tries to interpret a country from a country .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  creates an ae blob .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  testing   in
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return a list of all the names in segment_info format .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse a saved response .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a text block instance .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  function   function

test:  check if the role matches the supplied role .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the description of a path .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   a

test:  iterate over a key .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  null   reference
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pertinent format to a buffer pattern in a buffer .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure that symbols can produce a string .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  configure a floating point to a finder .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  plots   back
truth:  null   a

test:  load saved playlist from v2 playlist .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  drop   d
truth:  open   playlists

test:  get a resource .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if filename is a syncfile .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  null   framework

test:  modify the custom lua installation .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  downloads   create
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  this function returns a terminal to use the users terminal .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a list of targets in the target .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the action time of a given minion cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  get list of bug available by the given bugs .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  get   module
truth:  return   a

test:  return a configured oslo_messaging cpu time .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  return the ipv6 address .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that currently logged-in user has permission to do the current migration .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  if   find
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  to be used in post license .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  returns   a

test:  quote a string so that it can be passed to a single argument .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete an application from the user .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  extract the docker response from a http response .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  checks   response
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  plugin can be density in data .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test for models class .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  to   variant
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload the library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   style

test:  returns the id for the external id for the domain .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  make   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  set the value of the proc proc .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  to   directory
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to fix a seqs_fp of degree .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   strips
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of longer-running jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  control   control
truth:  test   job

test:  redirect to a custom custom custom api .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  request   handler
truth:  if   null

test:  compute the sympy tensor product of a matrix .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  null   apply
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a node via acpi .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   entry
truth:  create   create

test:  mock function for the arguments .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  find a directory where a given file is located in the path .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  search   search
truth:  searches   searches

test:  return true if the given release is a release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  fulfills to create a importer test .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  load   null
truth:  mock   mock

test:  create the default folder .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  given   null
truth:  create   a

test:  alternative alternative for continuous variables parameters axis : 1-d ndarray .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  null   views
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  apply a versioned versioned type to a dict .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that source robust space from source .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  function   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a chunk of slices based on directed data .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  remove a file from windows resource side-by-side file .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  verifies   function
truth:  create   create

test:  verify that data and same type of data are the same .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  pick   null
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  divide maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  normalize   maximum
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  return a generator of all corpus in the same directory .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  download   null
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an event as an event .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  attach   event
truth:  register   register

test:  list all users on the account .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create and return links in the absolute root root root .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  make   return
truth:  make   null

test:  parse composites .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a factory method that wraps the specified kwargs to wait for a regular expression at the given arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   call
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert string to a numeric part .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like exception but show these exceptions .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  execute linux commands for linux .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  if   one
truth:  does   a

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  calculate sample representation of normal mean according to mean .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  null   counts
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  configure the reactor to a clickable thread .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  run   a
truth:  start   start

test:  strips all provisioning jobs from an environment .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  null   a
truth:  context   context

test:  try to do an items of an object .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  function   try
truth:  function   function

test:  read in data from a pickle file .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  reads   try
truth:  pickled   load

test:  setup logging for the script .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  setup   logging
truth:  sets   up

test:  restful crud controller - could allow follow-ups to work with skill for people by block button .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  removes html or xml character references and entities from a text string .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  text   null
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  returns the wavefunction transform of the jacobi symbol wrt the elementwise mean .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  normalize   gcd
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return what services are available for the system .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  predefined   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a notification event on a topic .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  sends   a

test:  creates a new keyczar db db object or update it with the given update dict .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single receivable view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a system name to a pathname name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  split n into bruno format .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  null   github
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether a object has a value of a corresponding tool .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   null

test:  filter a pdb .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  run   null
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a get request to be written in the interactive shell .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  create a template name from a template name .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test if the index exists and multi set to multi index .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  set the global config of the server .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  show   show

test:  returns true if the given device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  submit barcodes for the user .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submit   null
truth:  submits   a

test:  read blobs properties from 8-bit artifact from google cloud artifact .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  push   convert
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the value corresponding to the given instance .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a configuration tag for the given tag .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  tag   tag

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  link   a
truth:  creates   classes

test:  decorator to mark a method as deprecated .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  computes trivial gcd of f and g in k[x] .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  algorithm   handle
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  consume   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get all group snapshots .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  reshapes an operator .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  create telemetry data .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  saves   signal
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion matches the given grain_pcre target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create local s3 by id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  solves a polynomial equation .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  solves   method
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks a function to generate a simple type with a values when it is created .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  instantiate a dictionary into a filter dict .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  module   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns none or both paths of a substitution function .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator which exempts the given function from nickname .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  open a file in a python file .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the standard input stream based on the jpeg standard .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  run   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strips a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  remove   commands
truth:  strip   a

test:  test overlapping multi-word matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  creates a new ordinarycallingformat adapter .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  package   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  returns true if the file is a ctypes console .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all plugins in pylearn2 with the given plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  returns absolute path of base_path .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  join   converts
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns true if this user has access to the category of a category that is access to the category .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  point   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a unique alton file .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get all the objects within an object .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  show   set
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a group message .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  echo text to text .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  takes   print
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  read raw fif data .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  read   create
truth:  function   function

test:  add a observer to the configuration .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  register   target

test:  returns true if all extract flags found in the module: .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  generates   module
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns the default currency list of default currency .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  lookup   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  closes event as a namedtuple .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  close   close
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find the page from the began began to send a lock .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   connect

test:  enable inheritance on an object objecttype: the object to the dacl .
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  this function takes a mapping of and returns a single dn of and a mapping it .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator only raising an adapter if its not installed .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test docinfo app .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  doctest   jedi
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  returns all root device names .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  do a hard test .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  when a system password confirmation is changed .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   password
truth:  queues   a

test:  parse a document and return index or stream .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   try
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that the i/o parameters gets incremented when _gp_new_generation a fixed benchmark base url .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  start at least one app .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filename of the cache for bucket contents .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the number of likely to multiply a display of data .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  null   one
truth:  multiply   a

test:  create upload url for post form .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  upload   upload

test:  creates a directory atomically .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  will set modified on the objects on the given objects on the objects when the task has been marked as the current item .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  modified   sets
truth:  update   update

test:  copy an object from descriptor to continuous dictionary .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  copy   strips
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  update a task status .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  find   equivalent
truth:  see   null

test:  compute the uniform statistic for a integral integral .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  open   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test if detaching is lucas a selfridge that contains lucas .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   lucas

test:  returns true if the current desktop is in the current environment .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  create a url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the re-run of a directed field .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  find   function
truth:  compute   field

test:  decorator that adds auth auth basic auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  search the first file to match the given environment and ref .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  find   null
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a list of urllib2 identifiers from the given url .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  given   a
truth:  url   url

test:  return a python command object containing a addons of the command line options .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  return   a

test:  give a list of page where the user has the given site .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  sets the last photo table .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  null   upgrades
truth:  update   update

test:  decorator that checks if an exploration can play .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a function to your test class .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  add   add

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk store a duplicate directory path .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  return the full path to the current python 3 .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  package   default
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  create a paste pipeline based on the auth_strategy config option .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  create   paste
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test timeit special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float string options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  write a value to a port .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   value
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  fix the configuration code .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  bytes   request
truth:  fixed   return

test:  test that all arguments are invalid .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  disconnect   test
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  load a data file from a 'visual' type .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  load   a
truth:  get   path

test:  returns true if given contents is valid .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the segment overlaps within the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate an ssh key for the given request .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  build   create
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  sessions the webapp app the given url : url the url of the server manager timeout timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  return   return

test:  list all contents within a namespace .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  list   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns a follows instance related to user .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse mac address .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create and return a dictionary-like object for the given filename .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  read   a
truth:  load   data

test:  use this decorator to override setter from django warnings .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  to   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  calculates the average and calculates the stems used for stems .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return true if the from markdown-extra to an unicode string .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   null

test:  explicitly fix a string of the given case .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   locale

test:  list all the ostypes devices .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   return
truth:  list   list

test:  checks that the object is a valid condition .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  get the inset loops .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  return   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  designates the status of a managed power cli example: .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   one

test:  guess the first parsed usage of the function .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  parse   guess
truth:  given   a

test:  simple function to detect if pythons code is too short .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  parses an entry record .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   values
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calls false for the false of a list of false .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  mark   factory
truth:  null   null

test:  compute functional composition f(g) .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the argument with an optional number of integer argument .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a response in the current http request .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  retrieve   request
truth:  attach   response

test:  test reader .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  context for a given path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  return   file
truth:  given   a

test:  hps a yhfreq yhfreq .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  scaling   scaling
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  read in the buckets cache file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection index .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the snippet for a category .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   category

test:  merge a dict from a base dictionary .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  remove a task from the status of a task .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  clear all available regions for the amazon plugin .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  disconnect   remove
truth:  tear   null

test:  returns all elements of the given node with the read pattern .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of png chunks .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   data
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a makeopts variable trim a value from the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute the binary entropy between an output of a target sequence .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  null   accepts
truth:  computes   binary

test:  turn a number into another device .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  call   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  read a filename in the file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  code   code

test:  sends a context manager to a temporary project .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   verifies
truth:  context   context

test:  convert a string in cell cell reference to a string containing the literal string .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  reset the git repository to the command .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  reset   ssh
truth:  resets   null

test:  dipole potential vertices .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   null

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  null   in
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a matching field names from the given name .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  given   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns the data that matches the unity variable .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the description of a interpolating number .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  function   a
truth:  format   a

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert string s to str .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   converter

test:  returns the configuration of the specified configuration cli example: .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud organisation .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  displays   nginx
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get the current idle schema .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  executes a simulated two schemes crossover .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  handle   sets
truth:  apply   a

test:  returns a form of the given summary of a mapping definition .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  retrieve   rpc
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the respective function that returns the respective respective the respective list of the respective domain .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  calculate   truncate
truth:  sum   sum

test:  tell whether an ipython shell is an ipython shell shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  task stop slot stop slot slot page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  null   time
truth:  stop   stop

test:  handle a subset of user by resetting a subset of config .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  figure   figure

test:  add an image to hsv filter .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  changes   color
truth:  color   color

test:  encrypt the given request object with the given key and key .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  replaces   create
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the account account for the given account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   service

test:  can the given user add .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of the binary passing by the given lost distance distance from all received .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  build   build

test:  test updating when not changed .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   null
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  neighbors this request to the api requests bulk .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   api

test:  parse the stream and return a stream .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  numpy softmax function .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  a simple keys must always return true if a @expectedfailure fashion .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  does   null

test:  get or jacobian whitespace .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper to memmove() .
truth: two branches . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   branches

test:  parse the configuration file .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   merge
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the class name for a given object .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   method

test:  mean detrend value .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   x
truth:  return   x

test:  local otsus of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  content   null
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parses the count of the given source .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   count
truth:  parses   a

test:  leap year of a year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  load manifest from all python source files .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  load   a
truth:  update   update

test:  render a value to its html .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  null   render
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all the available state modules in an environment .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  change the users uid for this process .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  change   convert
truth:  to   try

test:  view used to parse a file as json and return a file or unicode string as json string .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return true if num is a power of resizing .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  if   test

test:  get connection info about important information .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  return   display
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a datetime has the given renewal name .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  gets the set of mnist mnist .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  creates a clique bipartite bipartite bipartite graph from the graph .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raise :exc:assertionerror if the given exception is not found .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  executes   function
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the power of the nth element in an initial list of n .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return s as a byte-string .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  return   s
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test reactive reactive segments without transform it into ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   reactive
truth:  test   reactive

test:  enable masquerade on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   items
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  return content as a string .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  file   file
truth:  read   read

test:  given a document .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  normalizes   normalize
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images with a single image .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  turn interactive mode off .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  unpause   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  parse an ipv4 address string in bytes into int .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   mac

test:  test that fast-sleep is a bool .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  read input data from a scale .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  creates a mock mine from the chain of mine .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  null   mine

test:  returns location used for location count of count of the ground in the inputval .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deleting content elasticsearch .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a dictionary with the weights of the elements of the specified function .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone naive .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  issues a system domain .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  parse the application in the current python app .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   code
truth:  parse   parse

test:  this function tries to preserve the torrent in a python directory .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  obtains   attempt
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  convert a string into a chunk of bytes .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  prompt user to prompt the user provided question .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  based   null

test:  normalize univariate list of polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create two random harmonic oscillator .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  null   method
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the http thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return information on open ports cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  takes a pem string and returns a pem string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a string of all metrics by name .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   a
truth:  change   change

test:  execute the command and return output .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  execute   check
truth:  run   +

test:  checks the messages in an array .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  fake   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a string or a suffix of the given suffix type .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  load   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  page rendered by urls .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  given   null

test:  helper method to print to log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  write   log
truth:  log   log

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  content   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  print product attached to the item .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  command   key
truth:  displays   a

test:  gets time in seconds since epoch .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if we want to skip this module .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  in-neck pattern .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   star
truth:  modified   null

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   a
truth:  select   a

test:  another wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  compute a general pair of a lx by a common compares .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  null   number
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a string to list of codons in the codons list of codons .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  private loss function for multinomial class .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  returns root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  name   root
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  create an providers[provider_name] with an explicit timeout with the given name .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  read a file .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending a message to hipchat v2 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  only load if grafana is available .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   change
truth:  return   statistics

test:  creates all formatters .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  return   use
truth:  build   a

test:  inserts a pipeline into the queue .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  insert   logo
truth:  if   null

test:  find the tag in the node .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  extracts up the line source its length as a string .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  take   a
truth:  separate   line

test:  returns a location with the given location .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  redirect   handler
truth:  to   redirects

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  import a class from a module .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  import   load
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return the pub key to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filter the list of displayed blocks into the block .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  pick   logs
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  dont display nothing .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a ticket for the specified parameters .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  function   service
truth:  generate   generate

test:  submit the recaptcha challenge field to the response .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  has   null
truth:  submits   a

test:  set an integer .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  make   assert
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  pair   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  insert an notes in the notes interface into a dict with the notes mro .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all global-level defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  module   null
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager which captures the default thread on the given thread .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the dte sensor .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert from via rational to their position in yes .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  this endpoint is used with a check .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read the input port as a pandas port .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  a feature with a background header .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  running   background

test:  a helper function to return server groups .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  create   default
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns true if g is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the manifest for a given version .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  is   content
truth:  take   null

test:  group from linebreaks .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  given   check
truth:  stream   stream

test:  remove action for the given course from the given course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the url for the external external external url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  null   lookup
truth:  bounce   a

test:  gets the media prefix for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  get the bootstrap virtual directory .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  make   things
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  returns the docker certificates in the given cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  open   a

test:  parses the host from the provided host name .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  determines whether the email for a given email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  given   null
truth:  determine   reason

test:  loads a certificate and handle to handle the expiry date .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create g for g using graphviz layout .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  create   node

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  if authentication are not met .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  if   default
truth:  if   null

test:  popup text to inputbox .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  if   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  yield all lines in python source files and return the full path of the csv file in a given reader .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  file   return
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the host name .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   way

test:  returns the score from the api .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simple test showing how this server is run outside a lot of more or not .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over keys and values of mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  decorator to skip a test if a condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove the original buffer .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  labels   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test updating the meta file has never inserted .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  writes the contents of the given file .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   redirect
truth:  write   null

test:  register a migratin .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  register   set
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  computes vhd between inputs by removing all tokens in a that b .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  find common common paths in the roots in an roots .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  null   null

test:  attaches a virtual machine template .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  get pillar segments from loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   segments

test:  does the time zone for the timestamp .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  null   a

test:  check if spot requests are assigned to the spot instance .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create multiple md5 build from multiple commands .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  build   user
truth:  list   muting

test:  get the current idle key .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  interfaces   graph
truth:  get   get

test:  return a tuple of the form names .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  like check_output .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  compile   matching
truth:  were   null

test:  return the static index page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  rule : rule plus rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   checking
truth:  null   rule

test:  generate cuthill ordering of graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  list the configured ntp nodes cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  single repo .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  emit   windows
truth:  clones   a

test:  return the hostname of a csr .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  create   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the softmax expansion of the given array .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a unicode string for use as a unicode string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  null   python
truth:  to   try

test:  once a git git repository .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  upgrade upgrade using junipers module .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  make sure the spelling list of console files .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  ensures   trace
truth:  check   spelling

test:  computes the negative kl kl of a gaussian kl .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  compute   normalization
truth:  computes   null

test:  generates a staff auth for a browser .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  deletes   items
truth:  logout   logout

test:  bind with system 2 .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function to find the shape of a given process .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  given   information
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba error accuracy .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return the views quick to get the views on views .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if the node is in an clobber node .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  return   api
truth:  if   checks

test:  test freezing a package with a package from the same commit .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  git   backend
truth:  backend   backend

test:  if a user has an authenticate .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  token   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the graph that results from g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   minimum

test:  check the string matches one of the beginning of text .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an image with its child elements .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  unquote the given string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  prepares   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of installed distributions .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  builds a string to a requirements file .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  build   build
truth:  return   return

test:  inheriting inheriting notation .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  pick   update
truth:  null   null

test:  test classification report with digits digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   performance

test:  get the number of memory at the beginning of end n .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   python

test:  retain a media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  retain   a

test:  returns a list of unpublished metadata for a given page .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  automatically create a user .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  create   attempt
truth:  adds   null

test:  checks that fasta scores is qual according to the fasta scores .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  verify   fasta
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return true if the acceptable header is an accept header .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  list   accept
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves a list to a string .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  null   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a list of child items that can be used in a child process .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  list   a
truth:  print   print

test:  convert a line to a 3d line .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a row in an equivalent to a subclass of a feature .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  the next tree .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  used   a
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a cython double complex cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  use   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  adds a route table from a route table cli examples: .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  remove specific environment from the environment vars set in false if the memcache was set .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   item
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of the names of the windows windows .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  counts any state of a users resource .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  sets   status

test:  api to update requirements .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  checks   checks

test:  update new orig_vec .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  null   metrics
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  lock   question
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  status of a server error response .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  override specific configuration file if needed .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  register   configures
truth:  executes   null

test:  looks for the module that should have a package in the authorization .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  test to ensure hugs observations correctly handles a range of values .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get data from a batch of pickled .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   utility

test:  parse a string in the dependency table .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  database connection to database .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  make   null

test:  download the latest artifacts in the http request .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator that applies a task to a task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  to   null
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  concatenate elements .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  concatenate   elements
truth:  join   join

test:  create a fake http domain object suitable for rfc 2822 compliant .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates an instance of the given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wsgi entry point .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  null   wsgi
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check that the specified ip address is available on the specified vm or false if the highstate is present .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  if   check
truth:  vms   vms

test:  edge local edge connectivity for a given file .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a connection to a media resource .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  to   api
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple for all support for a given trees .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  run   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  print a color to a given color .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   logs
truth:  print   print

test:  delete specific users who directory .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  list   translation
truth:  updates   updates

test:  options nit : int .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  init   init
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  return   return
truth:  runs   runs

test:  this method will remove duplicates from the duplicates .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  regression test for a boolean of other issue absolute_import .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the string for an xfs document .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  remove   info
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a user has enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  enable   return
truth:  return   a

test:  transform a numpy array into a shared variable .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic tensor variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add symmetrix path output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   y
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot the system at the system .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  issues   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  returns the restful handler for the given module .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of available tables cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  db   null
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  return the full path to a python python build .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the queryset of all the given request .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the given node is a transient ipv4-address .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   collar
truth:  add   collar

test:  returns true if the two order n .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  returns   equivalent
truth:  replace   replace

test:  sum exponential theta model .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  output information about a vm vm : string vm to be deleted type : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  output   information
truth:  lookup   info

test:  retrieves the contents of the given pathspec .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a set symmetric union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a review request instance .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of mf files found in the w3af folder .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  parse   sample
truth:  return   return

test:  computes a closest matches from a given reference .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  function   function
truth:  get   get

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  view returning the tokenizer .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  like   context
truth:  context   context

test:  checks to see if a folder exists .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  quote command-line arguments for nt .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  decorator converts a caller function into a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  run patch in a module .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  clear   create
truth:  run   a

test:  test that all the mail mail is present .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   github
truth:  test   test

test:  pull internet account .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  account   unicode
truth:  be   null

test:  return an x509 datetime .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get descendant random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   parent

test:  returns the date this returns the date for the specified xblock .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pack a string in a buffer .
truth: net string . 
test:  split   a
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure that the named grafana password is present name the password to remove password the password of the password to remove .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  from a rebooted path .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  sample   returns
truth:  sample   num

test:  deletes one or more entities from the datastore .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  deletes   function
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  find the naughty_strings .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  convert   index
truth:  model   model

test:  test for bug arguments .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrades all packages via opkg upgrade returns a dictionary containing the changes: .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  run   a

test:  close all the figures .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  reset   equivalent
truth:  clears   null

test:  ensure that http redirect to function other other redirect redirect to the redirect redirect to function .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  to   test

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns all elements of sequence in given sequence .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  takes   log
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the repository hash for a given repository .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  to   a
truth:  short   get

test:  computes the variance-covariance of x .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  find   null
truth:  produces   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a list of field names and cycle them in the user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  do   checks
truth:  starting   starting

test:  send a markov function asking a multivariate polynomial .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts certificate in certificate of certificate as students .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  list   request
truth:  list   list

test:  converts any object to utf-8 encoded serializable string .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  return   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  return a translation string representing a document .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is a string or unicode string .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  returns a string representation of a row .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  wrap   handle
truth:  null   handler

test:  get a blob from a path .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  this function computes the lr of the beta in x .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculates   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  set cohort for a legacy test .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  pascalcase riak cli example: .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  check   traffic
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  extract possible messages from an iterator .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  load csv file from a numpy array or a numpy array .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  given   load
truth:  load   csv

test:  get the version string for a utf-8 encoded version .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves a dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that utility with a group by errors .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  test   group
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test that the answer arent public signal .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  serialization wrapper around #589 .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  manipulate   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  uses the voxel into a voxel .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  test   a
truth:  make   a

test:  load the hold state from the channel .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  give   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse options starting with options .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  atom   atom

test:  ensure that the directories exist on the path exists .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a new css gradient with the specified css .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the number of transformed transformed to paths .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return data to render form .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  if   current

test:  extracts the stdin loop from the stdin .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  return   profile
truth:  null   null

test:  return raw transform of 1d transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   inverse

test:  gets the users info about the user .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  bitsource number of previous terminal .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  unsets   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  test a simple bar .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   bar

test:  converts a value to its safe for use in html .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  forces   a

test:  a higher order function implemented on a list of integers .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate an md5 hash of the specified string .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  doing   encoder
truth:  using   encoder

test:  decorator to protect exceptions .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  list   execution
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has publish rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return a list of the locales that are available in the provider .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   calls
truth:  get   a

test:  ireport restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ec2 volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 2d convolution over an input signal composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  error   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns the plugins associated with the current thread .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  move to specific cover position .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  sets   move
truth:  to   move

test:  check whether a font simple_stmt simple_stmt i{sigchld} by a value .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  return   bottom

test:  write the given header header header .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  write   remove
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns a list of tuples representing all of the collection in current collection .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  downloads url from url .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  download   attributes
truth:  get   get

test:  generate reorder entries .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks whether a template with the given context .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  template   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if a process with the given name exists .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return true if f is constant in k[x] .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  normalize   returns
truth:  subtract   null

test:  stack func to use func .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  generate   implements
truth:  select   null

test:  ld the main function .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the spectral ordering of g .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  update a vote lookups with the given user lookups .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  store   info

test:  authentication handler for azure user access to the given admin view .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs an interactive python shell in the local directory .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  start   app
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return netmask mask associated with human readable ipv4 or strings .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove an admin file from the specified admin .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the path to the directory containing the given template path .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  interpolate reference from list of likelihood reference .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  calculate   try
truth:  given   a

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  check if a library version satisfies the whole version .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  this function implements the standard range(n) of the input individual and standard deviation .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  samples   null
truth:  mutate   null

test:  rq command .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  command   command
truth:  null   script

test:  detects if a string contains a newline separated characters .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  if   attempt
truth:  if   null

test:  provides a module attribute to ipy .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert the value < 1 special characters in the < that starts with a nnn url .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  test a a np .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  given a lil log entry .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail the test unless the expression is false .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  user list .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  null   view
truth:  list   list

test:  compute a l{kleinroute} time from a raw module name .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  poll   null
truth:  label   label

test:  write a list of all the custom_metrics .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the currently number is matching .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  returns   generic
truth:  if   null

test:  akin to the nearest directory path .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  merge   directory

test:  page help page .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  calls   page
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the url for the given handler .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  find   api
truth:  function   function

test:  find the ith order of x .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  cleanup   object
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  scrub the database response for a python object .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  null   object
truth:  add   add

test:  case the stl activity activity activity activity activity .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  computes subresultant resultant of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  algorithm   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  convenience function that converts a tinymce to seconds since the exit code .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  format   playlist

test:  check if a value has extension from a certificate extension .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  adds a function or a job to a queue .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  behave   a
truth:  null   a

test:  yield unique elements of an iterable .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  return   return

test:  hash a password .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   encoding
truth:  hash   a

test:  this decorator wraps a function or a cfunc method in a hachoir module .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  raise an appropriate error with an error message if expected and log are true .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  writes   log
truth:  log   log

test:  performs the vigenere cipher encryption on the output - return the left left of the elements of the left by key - totodiles .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  add allocated_id to cluster .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  adds   allocated_id
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status from file-like object .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   status
truth:  set   status

test:  get current network asdict .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   network

test:  saves a python source space to a python source space .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  compiles   undo
truth:  imports   data

test:  autogen autogen docstring .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  return   a
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  perform total-variation denoising by applying the signal-to-noise to original xfms .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  compute   convolution
truth:  insert   identity

test:  process the parent directory of all modules .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  loads   everything

test:  return an handler for the given provider .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  return   handler
truth:  return   return

test:  obtain a context from the specified context .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   create
truth:  get   a

test:  element-wise inequality .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  output   null
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir or system path .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  enum_seq : list .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a mapping from the given dataframe to estimation as per cpu corresponding to the 1s .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  retrieve a list of disk devices .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  get   fs
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert s to float or float .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  s   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  create a spelling in python-neutronclient .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test deprecated .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  like   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds a charset to the native text .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   function
truth:  add   character

test:  remove the editor that is added to the pointer .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  decrypts   remove
truth:  called   null

test:  class decorator to transition qt class to self .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a list of hello configuration names .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries into __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  print the summary of a users hint .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  print   a
truth:  null   hint

test:  get tox environment from the user supplied in the environment .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  return   selection
truth:  get   get

test:  return the unicode text .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  get   response
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a facebook helper function for the network field .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a alg] 4-tuple which should be used .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  update   encode
truth:  compute   h

test:  return now .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  given   quotient
truth:  return   current

test:  test mapnode json json loader .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create the default catalogue backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  place   null
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the logistic derivative of the hyperbolic derivative function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   requests
truth:  apply   apply

test:  redirect to the next segment of the given assessment .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  to   null
truth:  enter   a

test:  update completions that have been updated with the same permissions .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  determine if python module is installed .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  if   message
truth:  if   check

test:  test that table from table make sure that table suppressed .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dedent that the simple formatter of the same formatter .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   a
truth:  dedent   null

test:  run network on all the network .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   return
truth:  dump   connections

test:  returns a data form from the given data .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of nodes that are sorted in g .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  determine if the line is in the closest lines .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  if   null
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android odex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   analyze
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  return art url from lib .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  determine   func
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  elementwise numel function .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   reduction

test:  task to send to router through router or temporarily .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return the dict describing the longest values .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  selects the disk rdm .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  test   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a copy of the stable session .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factor univariate cyclotomic cyclotomic cyclotomic over finite fields .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  weighted   keys
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  host   actions
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  switch the user specified by the edx platform into the users edx .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a file scheme; to a relative url of the file scheme; .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return a datetime object that returns timeit within a deprecation function .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   timeit

test:  separate two arrays .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  make   null
truth:  change   change

test:  perform a configurable state on the minion .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a profile list of visible objects for a user .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  list   endpoint
truth:  returns   a

test:  true if the given ip address refers to this modified .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  given a batch of gamma normalization .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  batch   batch
truth:  function   function

test:  use the specified list of strings to install remote operations .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  determine   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  return class for the "delete .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate a string possibly ascii character and null character .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   validate

test:  get a 2d loop using the httreplay module .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  return   method
truth:  returns   new

test:  a state length of the content length .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  limit   map
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  returns the or not the default python is available .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a sha1 type suitable for type in type header and header .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  limit   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a date in the specified format .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  test using edge mask of an edge should be a 2d numpy array of the edge .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   laplace

test:  a helper function that adds tokens to the diff and merge expected values .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  send a put request to the remote apps .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  send   delete
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the source template formatters .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  loads   source
truth:  return   return

test:  identify an event on a http event .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute an image on a machinectl thread .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  return integer in n .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  a shortcut for use in a bash shell .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  wrap   options
truth:  escape   escape

test:  datetime datetime to be human readable naive naive datetime .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  make   a
truth:  convert   dt

test:  return the gravatar url for the specified email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  return   url
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information criterion with kde estimated kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  view function to run a browser browser for phantomjs .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  ensure   implementation
truth:  if   null

test:  simple hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex hex characters .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  import custom scripts .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   sync
truth:  import   custom

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  checks for errors in the correct header list .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  basic arrays arrays .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  function called by a function in a function .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  null   functions
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of tuples that represent test methods .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  skipped   find
truth:  find   find

test:  initialize a stream and level .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  to   keys
truth:  null   null

test:  get the name of a dnsname url .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  decode   unicode
truth:  converts   a

test:  creates a public url .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure a bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of storage pool cli example: .
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   function
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  convert a string to astring .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  return   a

test:  return a status code object .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   response

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the field of an indexed property property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  render a formset instance .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  return   a
truth:  render   a

test:  returns a new error code .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  emit   message
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  detect log .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  access   access

test:  check a password against a given password and password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  perform perform monkey maps on all orig_vec ignoring nodes .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  run   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns true if request should be requested .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  null   variables
truth:  test   parameters

test:  displays a few widgets .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  handles a document collision form .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders in the specified location .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  null   list
truth:  list   list

test:  show uptime associated with a hypervisor .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  get   temporary
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  sends a remote method that does not return anything .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  invoke   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  creates a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the configuration of the specified commit .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  to   a
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create brocade specific computenode cli examples: .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract a subject subject from a pcap tuple .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get any imports of hadoop info in a functions .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  capitalize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns from script or backward compatibility with v_1 or from third-party .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  default   default

test:  parse the query response that has a tcp prefix .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  get   get

test:  converts rgb tuple to hsv space on hsv scale .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  convert a numpy value to a symbolic value .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  validate   validate

test:  set a list of existing existing existing existing existing existing paths .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  checks   version
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the distance matrix of x at the given distance between the non-negative polynomials .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   observation

test:  make sure that a user source is add'] .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  set network configuration changes .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  set   service
truth:  set   set

test:  parse a pdb header into file .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate a list of dicts .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  object   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  traverse all files in the file .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  if   null
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns true if the request id does not been set .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   transaction
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient methods that require authentication in this module .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the named interface cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  function which uses y1 to clean up and slave slave .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   logger

test:  evaluate the expression value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the data into a byte string .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   data
truth:  extract   null

test:  creates a new header property .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  define   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  using a 2d convolution over an input image .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all minions .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  extend   a
truth:  store   store

test:  send the message sending to skype .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  parse   send
truth:  sending   sending

test:  returns a list of snippet files in the given directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clear the task and return any of the task .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  to   artifacts
truth:  clear   database

test:  get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  evaluate functional terms in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  read msgpack from a msgpack or a list of file objects .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  to   null
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  get the reverse url for an existing dictionary .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  takes   list
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the maximum likelihood estimator .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   yann

test:  deletes the datastore entity from the table .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  register the enforce options .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   register

test:  test js aborts in tests .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  print   null
truth:  test   script

test:  return exception data .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  extract   null

test:  given the object c{obj} .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  is   null
truth:  infer   infer

test:  find the hg directory of a finder .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  find   find

test:  simple compiler wrapper .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  checks if an email mailing mailing .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  if   email
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test that mixin reads a mixin items from a column .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  attributes   attributes
truth:  test   test

test:  when a case where tuple/list is part of a class .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns whether there are problems in the given section for each section .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function : atom | atom .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  build a test set of tests .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  return the weakly connected component of g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  attempts a process and add its items .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of versions .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure that the modules can be set to another modules .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  file   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  value   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  sort email from given signal or signal .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  allow port forwarding .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   port
truth:  remove   a

test:  restore a library .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restores   null

test:  ensure that line can be used with a line of 0 .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  turns   tests
truth:  ensure   null

test:  save the registry cache dictionary into the registry cache .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  is   cache
truth:  save   null

test:  computes the sequence of groups of the values of the sequence .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  return   function
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders a warning .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  print   a

test:  generate a y_{t-1} .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  given   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  place place to use registration .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   register
truth:  uses   uses

test:  check if an archive is a valid python archive .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return action that require a person to be able to be assigned .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  package   null
truth:  null   background

test:  return an html string representation of the html .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  parse   add
truth:  transform   transform

test:  set up the registered directory .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   information
truth:  setup   python

test:  writes an error message and exits code to the given failure .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  write   print
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  generate the index link .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  list all task triggers in a task scheduler .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  users through all of the certificate certificates in post data .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  view   contacts
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state from a state cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   state
truth:  disable   state

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  check if a server is enabled .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  to   create
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a new product of values for values of values relative to products .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  like unpickle .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  url   returns
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  returns a list of categories in the categories .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  call   categories
truth:  print   category

test:  tests that the value gets appropriate hacked .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  model   json
truth:  test   test

test:  get a file or a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  get   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  remove all tests from the database .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  checks if two directories are same-origin .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  diff   diff
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  return   cgconfig
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  temporarily delete a directory .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  used   delete
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  remove a path .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  remove   path
truth:  file   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensures that the named alias name the name of the overlay name the logical to delete .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  run a single email .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  parse   zip
truth:  is   null

test:  return the status of a vm or a named vm cli example: .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  get   get

test:  check for command line .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  if   runs
truth:  to   helper

test:  get a value from the database in the database .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  set   up
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid from elementnode .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on the gross key error "hello": { "hi": 5 .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  used   a
truth:  access   access

test:  return the config item for the given key .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  settings   settings

test:  merge obj using dictionary .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  encode bytes or bytes to bytes .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse a repository tag as a string .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  splits   image

test:  returns md5 key for md5 nonce .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a release-group key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  search   files
truth:  get   get

test:  all fixed ip associated with a given host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  helper to check whether an anonymous from a http network .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  verifies   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  write data to file descriptor .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  extract the root key from the entity .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  is   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  update scene exceptions that have changed in cache .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  update   update
truth:  given   a

test:  entry point for delete location and update location .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute univariate polynomials in gf(p)[x]/(g) fields .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  count count of lun ids .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  is   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  transforms data to an open string .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  send   null
truth:  to   try

test:  a generic default desktop .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  create   arguments
truth:  return   a

test:  decode a color cycle .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure poll_for super small .
truth: command history . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest location between begin and end .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a cardinality parent of values .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  format   format

test:  computes the resized aspect between image side 1-d arrays .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  call   a
truth:  resize   images

test:  sanitize timestamp to display for a timestamp into a timezone-aware timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  formats   time
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  checks whether the raw returncode triggers the specified reported .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  check   check
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test user providers providers .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate an existing repository .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  normalized   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  divide all coefficients by x**n in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  updates   univariate
truth:  divide   null

test:  provides the track event .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  to   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  encode a packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  decodes   put
truth:  encodes   a

test:  get a context manager associated with a running api call .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  do   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  renders the specified usage of rsa .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  indices   null
truth:  render   render

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a f distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check the reloads process in the cluster is a influxdb range .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager that polynomial member of a specific port .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  mock   patch
truth:  simulate   null

test:  benchmark score of the benchmark score .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  aggregate   custom
truth:  to   method

test:  determines whether bottleneck should be bottleneck to show .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  skip   return
truth:  if   null

test:  get the axis along an axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  reads configuration from the supplied configuration iterator .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  return   syntax
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  helper function to set the proxy environment variable .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  point   find
truth:  runs   runs

test:  creates the delimiter file for the given file .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as find_pure_symbol .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if cyg module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  applies regular expression filtering to an external filter .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  expand   appends
truth:  applies   null

test:  create all lambda function details .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  consider a constant in the constant .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  unpack zip filename to a directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  archive   archive

test:  note: : return .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  convert   equivalent
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of a resource .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the unit name for a locale .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  list all sids that were sids within songs .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  given   null

test:  get the ask from the ask environment .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  show   directory
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if and only if g is a maximal matching matching edges .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a pound character (#) followed by a new line ( requirement: * mssql * mysql notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  adds   appends
truth:  replaces   space

test:  handle a wsgi services .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  null   cgi
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  p   authors
truth:  create   authors

test:  convert a decimal string into decimal decimal format from decimal decimal value .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  apply 1samp 1samp to all other nodes in cutoff such that 1samp is returned by cutoff .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  calling   compute
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get the vertices of a series whose distance angle is the time .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  edge   normalize
truth:  order   order

test:  initialize the python imaging with python 2 .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  command   null
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert a time string into a byte-string tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  store item pointer to the value .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  store   store

test:  train a base model and automatically set the model .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   multiple
truth:  train   a

test:  yaml: enqueueing update all the jenkins files and update its children .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  implements   delete
truth:  return   a

test:  insert some data in the predictions from the file .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  sync   execution
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns an iterator over a bytestring .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the users uid group cli example: .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  work   a
truth:  null   grain

test:  returns a list of unique paths from the given parent .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new tempfile instance .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the system info from the expression .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  tests the sens sens of the elements of the test cases .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  run   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a llvm function for the format format .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  helper for split_options .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  named   find

test:  validate mailgun webhook webhook .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  send e-mail when a user is created .
truth: update request . 
test:  signal   handler
truth:  request   request

test:  link to the api url .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  url   url

test:  discard the date and write out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parses the configuration file .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  return possible of redirection as possible .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  permutes   null

test:  returns a regex .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write the data to a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   warning
truth:  write   a

test:  returns a list of names and a plot class .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  package   new
truth:  get   a

test:  given a specific object .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  null   agent
truth:  update   update

test:  skip test if configuration can be run in config .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  converts a string to a slug suitable for use as a slug .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  turns   value
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   globals

test:  user has changed signal by users .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  ensures   changes
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns true if *obj* points to nonstring .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  validate the action filters .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return x no window function; .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  null   window
truth:  null   window

test:  return true if x**n == a .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  null   a
truth:  float   float

test:  find sample data from ips .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   return

test:  return session information about the local node .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  check that densities back-end firmware function .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  null   scale
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the cover wigner of the current process .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  null   units
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  defines some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  decorate axes with axes .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  plot   service
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  remove the given file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns the first .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  looks through the system dir and return a list of paths that will be called under any files in the system and saving .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   return
truth:  scan   scan

test:  returns a list of structuring test names .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  cache   assert
truth:  cache   tip

test:  return the arguments that the current user arguments returns the requested preferred encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  select two or more files in the script .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  export   aggregate
truth:  run   run

test:  return the handle in the given css file .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  return   response
truth:  return   return

test:  sends multiple threads to the channel .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  log   null
truth:  null   messages

test:  make sure that we can read names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return the min cost of g .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert an ip address string to an integer binary string as a base-10 integer .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  append text to text .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  to   a
truth:  append   a

test:  locate the leftmost value in a that behaves the first value of the time from a less than or equal to 1 .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  closes svn requests for a repository .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   send
truth:  closes   null

test:  parsing a layer from a template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  parse   template
truth:  takes   a

test:  like reported .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  pick   n
truth:  list   list

test:  check that it can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of names of filename names removed by the directory .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   matching
truth:  return   return

test:  apply migrations to existing provider facts .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   collection
truth:  apply   provider

test:  initialize custom audio rate .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move host and missing connections to a jupyter .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  find   view
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of --editable flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  returns a specific language type for a specific format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   a

test:  split the requested locale string to a locale list .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  get   locale
truth:  null   null

test:  only load this module if the gluster command exists .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  adds advanced component to template context .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert polar log-likelihood notation to polar elevation .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  convert   i
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get a dictionary of keys from d .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  encodes   dict
truth:  create   a

test:  create a track object from an url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get float by key .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a protobuf from an entity .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   method

test:  tests that the softmax softmax function throws a reference to a closed closed when one list of several values .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  test that e2 [3736] .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   images
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  works   null
truth:  null   null

test:  use the given proxyconfig to define a volume .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   xml
truth:  define   a

test:  shuffles partitions by top-level links .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the revision id for the git git .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  build   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  try to mksalt and return the method object .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if unrar unrar have correct version .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  return   attributes
truth:  return   version

test:  utility function to generate a new hash for a given string .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  given   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  play a polynomial or its then return it as a filter in smooth .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  return   create
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the ancestor type for a person entity .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the seuclidean vector of a boolean array .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the fingerprint of the masters public key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  colorize text .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   a

test:  compute an consolidated float of rounding .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  round   value
truth:  value   value

test:  send email to inform observers about the user .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  to   access
truth:  email   email

test:  load daemon .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  register   function
truth:  null   null

test:  this re/split simply works on the http_resp .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a rule into an gettext rule .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   plural

test:  get the available postgresql command .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  registers a class with the runner .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  execute sphinx test .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  empty   equivalent
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  send notification to inform observers about the notification .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  send   notifications

test:  create an endpoints description of an endpoint certificate .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  endpoint   create
truth:  to   null

test:  restores the state of a state object by log-conditional-probability it as a string .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   rgb
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the gcode for a gcode file .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  start   null
truth:  build   a

test:  parsing pidof to a remote host by wtalchemy .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  processes   use
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new virtual environment variable .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  waits for the current greenlet to return the them as a suitable for the given parameters or timeout .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  get points from points .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  an reply function .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flatten   node

test:  return list of all stats in path .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  return   a

test:  adds the page to the page with the given missing if the page itself .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  records   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find an encrypted value from a given value .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  load   a
truth:  build   build

test:  parse command line options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns a qicon folder .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   sequence

test:  get per per sff per sff files from sff directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  character in a string comparison .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  this builds a list of images that correspond to the same xml as the appropriate token .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the time zone associated with the given zone .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure the xonsh builtins fails .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  do   null
truth:  to   push

test:  fixture that returns a actual actual file .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  create   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   get

test:  calculate mns stats from mns .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the list of cohorted partition ids that the given course partition is cohorted in the specified course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a key entry for the given tkinter name .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  require   a
truth:  sort   key

test:  solves a differential equations with the given differential equations .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  solves   null

test:  generic weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  weighted   a
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  scale icons and image from a file .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  on the cache .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  an artist object from a yielded .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  get   a
truth:  search   search

test:  compute a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  duplicate   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all configured networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove the given data .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  remove   admin

test:  set the warning used .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  sets   tool
truth:  sets   sets

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "raw" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  same logic as sensitive .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  load   check
truth:  find   a

test:  copy a sample file to destination using guest tool .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  files   files
truth:  copy   copy

test:  alphabet -> struct variable to a string of symbol .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  takes   map
truth:  update   update

test:  get the cache location of the cache .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  returns true if the given user can view the given target for other users .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  given a document and a document .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  embed   media

test:  delete document for a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  load an existing user .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  db   return
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  run the focus .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  null   temperature
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: locattr locattr locattr locattr locattr locattr true if object does not exist .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test getting overlapping annotations including non-numeric .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   warnings
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieve the path to the current group .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given iterator has a nzb image name .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  iterator   noop
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  convert a command from a local interator command .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  existing   functions
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a string to human readable bytes .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  return   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clears internal internal jobs on all the local figures .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a string in format into a datetime format .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  find estimator from estimator and train or train .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parses a string of a dictionary of attributes .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  use   a
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  deregister a check with the given agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  deregister   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  check if c color values are the same .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  check   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  write a record to xml .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  write   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return true iff page in book is valid .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  null   page

test:  return the default value for the most recently attempt .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a postgres user cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  adds 6 time to 6 apps .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  remove the hostname from the hostname .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  return   return

test:  xxx: this is subtype to wrap emails with viable or related to a subtype context .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  require   decorator
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get the alternate setting for the configuration .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this test verifies that we have a testtools or listed in the test case .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  to   check
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax publisher api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update the user .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  check   null
truth:  load   tm

test:  k k k for gamma .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert pil image to a numpy array .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns a dictionary attributes for the given attributes .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  allows   find
truth:  extract   information

test:  discover the event for the given event .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  given   send
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  start automatically push benchmarks with the specified name from the block bound to push .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  raises   function
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model x: input sound .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  use the string to return the bytes of text - bytes .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  get an credentials cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  return   return

test:  numpy implementation of the sigmoid function .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   predict
truth:  null   implementation

test:  removes a previous plugin from the remote backend .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  returns the minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset message and limit to stderr .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  export   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  finds the line which contains selected nodes in the tree .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  creates a new contrib .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a data with the given participant .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a description with a docssample service factory .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update an empty package .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   portage

test:  return the time zone of the selected dns status .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return all groups associated with an account cli example: .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the project description from designed to do it .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  used   indices
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the temporary directory for the new process .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  like locked .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  called when an unhandled lines in place .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  take   null

test:  stringify time in iso date format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  utc   a
truth:  time   time

test:  create a group group .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a np/scipy vector into the sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  like   like

test:  purge all files under pattern .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  migrate   remove
truth:  files   files

test:  print a tree in a logger .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   tree

test:  completely removes any files in the given cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  ensure empty lines do not break .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  is   null

test:  only load this module if the os is available .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  work   null
truth:  load   load

test:  run the unit tests .
truth: test program . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   program

test:  common setup for existing distribution .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  executes   create
truth:  executes   null

test:  implementation of the decorated command .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  parse the channel mode from the table .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the 3-regular petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  perform a front on the os .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  cleanup   up
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw a random graph g with a layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  check if input string is a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  turn a version string into a tuple that has at least the given version .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  maps   version
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic type variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  formats a timestamp as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns the unicode encoding name according to text .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  unicode   function
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that fix can be confirmation when confirmation disabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test x10 address validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   callable
truth:  test   x10

test:  create the xml element .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a :class:flask wsgi chain .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  split path into an destination path .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  search   file
truth:  derive   ini

test:  register a class with the given class .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  look up the line number in the expression .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets a cooked path -- the running port .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  time series forecast .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  moving   null
truth:  value   value

test:  seed a random integer value .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  change   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  parse a variety of the given date formats into a tuple of supported by rfc 2822 .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  encode string as a bytestring or system version .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  string   data
truth:  encode   data

test:  test to ensure we can find a reproducible file .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  null   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  verify that setting function doesnt have the same setting .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  assert   find
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine if there are changed from the what new .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  inserts   queries
truth:  if   test

test:  check if a graph is within a graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  inverts   a

test:  remove all session or accept a session .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  removes   values

test:  returns the file compressor on some systems or none if there is no file .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  reads   query
truth:  return   return

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the options from the command line .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the gender for the gender .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check for asserttrue/false .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  test file downloading with a filetry .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  set list of task locales .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   environ

test:  set or delete metadata on an images .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  delete   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a numpy ndarray to a rational .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  generate a random api digest acl for credential .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a tuple of linode instances .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  allows   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that headers are potentially handled by upload headers .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return a configuration object suitable for use with specific settings .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the foreign verbose name .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the path to the pattern .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  generate connected report to master master client .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  report   null
truth:  null   event

test:  helper function to check if any of the given path recursively .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  computes restful form described in subtracting documents .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  implements   information
truth:  returns   a

test:  estimate the black descent from a model in a model .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  weighted   a
truth:  null   loss

test:  returns versions of components used by salt cli example: .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  install   version
truth:  report   report

test:  create a regex from a given string .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  chunks data into one string of the composite chunks .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  receive   validate
truth:  pad   pad

test:  create a new extension instance to add it to a new extension .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   new

test:  format a blocks .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  load a configuration file from a fif file .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  load   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  replace the dots of the document with the given document .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  replaces   replace
truth:  null   method

test:  returns true unless x is a sparse numpy array .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  if   a
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  determine if a loop is a clickable .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  wait   estimate
truth:  loop   loop

test:  upload a subjects file to a subjects directory .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  run   accepts
truth:  set   set

test:  try to convert a data into a scalar or column .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  index   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a rendered copy of a table .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  sync   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test comprehensive .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  test   null
truth:  require   null

test:  provides a duration of the given value .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  base64   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  parse the uid and return the uid identifier .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   uid

test:  get the type of a given type .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns an email based on the given sender of markdown .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  send   send

test:  raises a typicalmemoryerror if dont exist .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  null   null
truth:  throw   null

test:  a method to temporarily add variables which will be called in the list of variables to the environment variables .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   delete
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode a python image .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  projects   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  inject data into a filesystem already mounted by status .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   data
truth:  injects   data

test:  returns the unsupported version .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  is   null

test:  uses pythonic .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  run the test suite .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output the whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  creates a new cluster .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  creates   reference
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  determine if the specified interface is in a datastore cli example: .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  download   a
truth:  null   purpose

test:  load the user config from the specified config file .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  load   a
truth:  read   user

test:  invert a node in the cluster .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  correct   null
truth:  inverts   a

test:  decode a raw uuid uuid .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  parse   decodes
truth:  decode   a

test:  sets users vhost via rabbitmqctl vhost args: name : the policy to send .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  sets   enable
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed sample standard deviation .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  train a comment by spawns a user in the current session .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  save   function
truth:  stores   a

test:  loads data from a given dataset .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  load   in
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns true if the number is friends .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  return   number
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a human-readable string of a python string .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  to   decodes
truth:  decode   a

test:  same as the expression on substring .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  null   effects

test:  check that mapping .
truth: gets header . 
test:  check   expressions
truth:  header   header

test:  returns the name of the current models that should be started .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  parses the logging arguments .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  like   a
truth:  extract   message

test:  infer a method calls this method .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   decorator
truth:  infer   a

test:  determine the argument related to init .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  turn object into a nested dict .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  list   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load this module if the os is available .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  confine   load
truth:  works   works

test:  return a list of paths .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  adds a document against the given document against the given document .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  updates   upload
truth:  cancel   null

test:  generic getattr() to generic enum members .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get_init cant find __init__ in empty testdir .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  null   get
truth:  if   null

test:  get all specification for the specified attachment .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string into a datetime .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get gcode files which have been imported .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   get

test:  helper method to retrieve auth params from a users request .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   a
truth:  pair   pair

test:  create an array of socketfd .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  msg   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  returns a string from a given 32-bit module .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  pop   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  trims the jth number of the category .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  if   division
truth:  content   content

test:  parses entrez entrez lines from the hosts file .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parses   function
truth:  parse   entry

test:  get the figure with a given figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  null   update
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a list with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  call   need
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the aws awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete the exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check that the model is at the end of the right model .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  returns a list of all devices connected to an sni-enabled routine .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages cli example: .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   media
truth:  find   a

test:  decorate methods with this to require that the aes user be tested .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  run a shell command on a remote host .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  run   search
truth:  invoke   a

test:  lists wiki documents needs a review tag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  shows   wiki
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get metadef object count .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  create   a
truth:  count   count

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  explicitly asbool setup .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test serie as various option .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  load the data modechoice data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   migrations
truth:  load   load

test:  return an access sandbox .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  require python package .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   python

test:  return a list of all the tests in the test suite .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  file   like
truth:  function   function

test:  renders all the follow objects for a follow buster .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  verifies that a cypher has been configured by prompt .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  to   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  helper to preprocess an expression that is needed to define functions .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  expr   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  return the absolute path for the user about which the given site has been configured to the absolute site .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  if   a
truth:  add   a

test:  upgrade the input types .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  upgrade   replacement
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the clip of a clip .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the comments of a feature .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of for generating _version .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   validator

test:  returns the timestamp of a timestamp as a string .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  sends multiple choice objects into one .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  rewrite   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  sets the image with the given image .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  changes   update
truth:  update   update

test:  normalize a summary of the named user .
truth: internal function . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  function   function

test:  transform an xri to iri-normal form .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  decodes   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test x labels with a list of labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this method provides the qa that contain any cut-set that are in the given parent tree .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  create   expressions
truth:  return   a

test:  get current environment overrides dictionary to use in subprocess .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  files   null
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  automatically authenticate the oauth url for the user from plotly .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  pending   handler
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a generator that generates a type ratio for each gtk .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  check   like
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  strips the string .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  content   a
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  read a l1 filter in file .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   in

test:  given a query .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  function   function

test:  bind ack to a node .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  bind   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to check the origin meta for a coordinate .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find all field names in dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return checksum string from requests to user-provides starcluster lines .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  return the list of the collector collector .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the correlation coefficient of a and raise vdtparamerror .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  pause a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  unpauses   a
truth:  pauses   a

test:  turn a list of tuples into a 2d column .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  make   a

test:  compute the completeness score of the i-th score .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  finds   utility
truth:  null   metric

test:  run doctest on a specific doctest .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  run   accepts
truth:  run   run

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the leading and place it with the given name .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return source file path without nsurl .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  null   methods
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   decorator

test:  train and print a small directory .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  train   a
truth:  based   demo

test:  custom exception handler for automatic attached to the attribute provided by the gettext function .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  place   request
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list the configured features cli example: .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  transform   return
truth:  list   list

test:  smoke test the lookup function .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  return the path to the directory of an instance .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return information about the named vm cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  find the number of elements of a tensor .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  null   like
truth:  null   product

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   facebook
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  compute the singular values of a string .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  return the rest namedtuple of a pathname .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  sends a call to the pattern .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  write   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  return the json generator .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  null   indent
truth:  null   generator

test:  create a structure representing the folders of a file .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  get   shortcut
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the fast product of a list of cross date args: ugly : int returns: expression .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  raises   checks
truth:  cross   cross

test:  return port details of port details .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  landing   context
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the cpunish data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 redirect or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  calculate the classifier match between classifier and the classifier provided .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if given target string is a valid target .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  compute the distances along the index1 curve .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a remote header .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  evoked   info
truth:  compare   a

test:  return all job ids .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return information about an openstack client cli example: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  profile   a
truth:  set   up

test:  change yum config file for tv use .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   truncate
truth:  change   change

test:  check if an op is a block of a block gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for a user_id of the decorated function .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  used   decorator
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to protect a function only on l{reactorbuilder} authentication .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all the fixture fixture .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  automatically remove the broadcast users left status .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  uninstalls   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  print exception from tb to limit stack trace trace trace .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  check that the cli prompt is valid .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  match a disk device with the given device .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  if   null
truth:  matches   matches

test:  decorator for another test .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  cache   decorator
truth:  be   null

test:  if jpg then merges field_seq } .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  null   const
truth:  null   service

test:  return the files in directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   a

test:  write the xml file .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  write   a
truth:  send   send

test:  return the user on the given username .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload post post image to message .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   images
truth:  upload   upload

test:  convert a string to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  to   unicode
truth:  to   convert

test:  get barcode barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  get   models
truth:  split   sequence

test:  delete a user from username .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dict containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  change absolute path of file into absolute path .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  test   file
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can push push for given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the access token with the given ref and access token .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  token   token
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   null
truth:  serie   test

test:  read in csv format .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   csv
truth:  import   kits

test:  generate a random api key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any temporary directories that were empty .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  trailing   directory
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   crud

test:  return a simple resource .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  null   header
truth:  return   a

test:  use a string or a columns that can be used as a boolean string .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  test   function
truth:  format   format

test:  repack a repack .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  redraw   reverse
truth:  null   null

test:  build a firewall rule from a local machine .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  place   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return a module name of the current package .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  assemble   a

test:  convert a ctypes ctypeobj type to a ctypes type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  simple lazy test of a lazy case .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  null   check
truth:  test   test

test:  initial call of halting command .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  override   logs
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  returns the docs version from the docs version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a stream graph from proxy settings .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  like   one
truth:  loads   a

test:  return available packet images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get an transparent torification object .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  get   get

test:  test that most popular extensions are correctly extensions .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return a creation sequence that is a dictionary of the keys of the given degree .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  create   a
truth:  find   a

test:  return the sequence of all index in predicate .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  used   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clean up aware authorizes tokenizer for a regular expression .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the collection of a given path .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if the socket is a valid ip .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  extract the localizable attributes from the locale .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the routine associated with the given expression .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  source   source

test:  considering the pairwise matrix .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  compute   images
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get word without sld .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  return   return
truth:  splits   null

test:  returns volume creation .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  simple test function to hit terms of expressions .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  null   part
truth:  null   gradient

test:  lint tool exactly .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  integer is three points of a ovf integer with zero prod .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decodes a value from base64 to plain format .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encodes html entities in html .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   function
truth:  encodes   html

test:  checks if a string has a valid color color .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  if   return
truth:  color   color

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  add a new components into the path .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  clean possible messages from the datastore .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  print   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if this file has a being written written .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if g is a isolate of nodes .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  determines   null

test:  process cache optimization optimization in numpy we support in numpy .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a snapshot .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  getprime:long reqs from a requirements path .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read lines from file .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  read   file
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  call signature:: plot .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  to   call
truth:  make   a

test:  given an ascendantaddresses object .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  to   square
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create custom metric .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   metric

test:  show keys and ids from a remote server .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  handle   uses
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  runs the command line interface .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   login
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  solve connectivity connectivity of a exe test cluster with permutations and test connectivity .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update a font font with the specified sls .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  update   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wraps a v in rss-feeds .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  define   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the pioneer platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get joined loops sliced through shape .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  try to get locale from locale while it doesnt actually be parameter or triplet .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  null   use
truth:  make   null

test:  migrate the source node from the node .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  finds   migrate
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  return a list of comments .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  change frequency of model .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  find   null
truth:  structured   null

test:  back-end method to parameter in record .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   controller

test:  run python python executable using python process .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  execute   config
truth:  executes   null

test:  generate authorization code .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  obtain   null

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   multiple
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  check for except: .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of tuples representing all available data files .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes % characters .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  null   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: monitor-folders specifies jenkins to jenkins .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   fileset
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a packed array into an uint8 array .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  raises   measurement
truth:  packs   null

test:  q all object .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  show   objects
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a stl string .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  null   return
truth:  lookup   a

test:  load a module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  given   load
truth:  load   extension

test:  all the keys in dictionary .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new ssl name and add it to the tenant .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  receive   null
truth:  communicate   null

test:  validate the provided ids .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorate all the depth in the tree .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  finds   increment
truth:  function   function

test:  construct signal from rtmockclient .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  calculate the checksum of a sha1 .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   generic
truth:  calculate   a

test:  attempt to changed files in the current django config file .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  start   files
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all extra specs for the flavor id .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  prints an undefined snippet of step snippets .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  change   iterator
truth:  print   snippets

test:  rebuild function to do the search .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   distance
truth:  serialize   a

test:  split every integer into visited by grade .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  null   decimal
truth:  return   a

test:  count the minimum matrix to csc .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the matrix sine .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pull a new target: by binary .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  look   up

test:  generate an md5 hash of the specified key .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  doing   generate
truth:  cache   cache

test:  exercise using both the virtuals from a identified url .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the old configuration object .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  to   a
truth:  find   find

test:  get saml provider cli example: .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  generate standard random k-out dataset .
truth: like rand . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  turns a qutebrowser code or a listening code into a python description string .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  convert   description
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  return true if new completed skip_trash=false is from the operating socket .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  dump message into log file .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  log   null
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers and address for retrieving rrd scheme .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and dst .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generator that yields strings .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  use   iterator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator for timing methods .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  use   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  the views related to the views .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  widget   widget

test:  convert a dictionary of substitute to a dict of substitute translations .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   request
truth:  convert   a

test:  validate trace from context .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reaches reaches process with key from the current process .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adapt specific configuration file to process a course .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  map   map

test:  converts a string to a slug that can be used with evenly elements .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   a

test:  extract host from running host .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  inspect   a

test:  create routes routes cli example: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  create   build
truth:  add   route

test:  reorder the used by a constant in a polynomial .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   levels

test:  safe wrapper for tupleize .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  take   null

test:  block ip addresses until it is ssh .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  download   time
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  converts integer to integer .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  callback   find
truth:  check   check

test:  logs the context of a base context .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  fakes   a
truth:  set   set

test:  render a form **tag name**:: bootstrap_formset_errors **parameters**: form the form passed to the form .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   formset
truth:  form   form

test:  dump the global namespace .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  add rotation from a path .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   utility
truth:  add   path

test:  return the absolute path to utc .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the data into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  a decorator which sets a moref to *value* .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  modifies   null
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return the json string for a file .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  read   a

test:  make a mock instance to the current request .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  launch   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the accuracy of the input incrontab .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  open a permission file .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  return   test
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  --list json entries in json format .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  indent   a
truth:  null   json

test:  returns a string which encodes a sequence of characters .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  stop watching ready-for-l10n revisions for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   handler
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute a command and read the output as a debconf .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   create
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if filename matches the file in filename .
truth: check if options . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  extracts the xpath tree from an html tree .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns the trees of the cached trees .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return the value for a particular config file .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   current

test:  find a filters from a powershell container name .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   a

test:  add a user in request .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  show the notification function .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  show   information
truth:  null   notification

test:  parses any timestamp coming from iso .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  return   return

test:  copy a file from a source or a static group name .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns html unescaped value from given htmlunescape string representation .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  returns   html

test:  get the span which can be tested .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   bevel
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a configured library paths and create a file for the quota library .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  yield   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  award the webhook webhook of the given user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  modify   award
truth:  null   badges

test:  this is run once when assets is run .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  correct   remove
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test packagefinder only accepts a finder only finished info .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets any number of blog categories and stores them in a varable .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the names of names that apply to a sorted list of names .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  return   list
truth:  determine   null

test:  reads a deprecated array using the deprecated array .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   status
truth:  count   count

test:  serialize the users avatar url into a javascript object .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  return   return

test:  reset the cuda subsystem .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  resets   permissions
truth:  populate   docker

test:  safe form of repr .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string representing the singular field of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  returns   a

test:  write flv header header header .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  write   header
truth:  writes   null

test:  generates a linear fprime fprime .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  null   algorithm
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 vertexes from prefix and xml element .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   paths
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the power of the correlation matrix nodes .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-50 model of 200 model .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  =   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this bucket .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that the tree possibly be ok .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  null   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  adds a prefix to the model_variables event loop .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  migrate   mail
truth:  change   message

test:  method to get connected cluster cluster from a given cluster .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  build   a

test:  get redis key from redis cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates a test user with super permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if guts is guts .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  creates a form hmac for a form .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  get a class that contains the application in the current environment .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  simple_stmt : map_type coefficients .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   const_value
truth:  null   null

test:  get all rules of the rules of the given rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  get   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  calculates an integer length of the length length .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  memoize   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if a show appears to be written .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  compute pivoted fraction decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  use   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  dont crash to unicode .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   compare
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a certificate from the given certificate cli example: .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  computes the renumerate function .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  return   bson
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  loads the configuration section of a cluster .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  evening star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  null   doji
truth:  null   cloud

test:  create a record from a json representation .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  function   null
truth:  value   value

test:  create a new content directory and save it as categories .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  convert   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  add the closest from the surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  add   lookup
truth:  to   add

test:  create a thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tests that we can access a folder when they add keys .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   aa
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  loads a file .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the status of a service status .
truth: get status code . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   status

test:  deletes stripe instance associated with stripe .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read egi data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   epochs
truth:  read   read

test:  return the console lanes .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  raises   service
truth:  null   method

test:  test functionality from #589 .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  load   load

test:  check unified diff of root-mean-square .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  return   return
truth:  text   text

test:  return a formatted time from a datetime object .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  time   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  load   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to delete a temporary value from a temporary value .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  like   attributes
truth:  set   set

test:  mount a partition .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   shortcut
truth:  mount   mount

test:  called when the exception is loaded .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  function   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns a list of phases configuration by plugin module .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  check whether file can be be blocked based on file .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  adds an deprecation plugin to all the tests .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  adds   calls
truth:  adds   null

test:  get the cookies that matches the given user .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  request   request

test:  helper function for issue list of strings containing the string tags .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  make   encodes
truth:  split   split

test:  parse the location and return a title .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  expr   expr

test:  transform the location string into a include: .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  encodes   xor
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  create a new cell containing a single dimension .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  get a security group .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_numpy .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  divide all possible chunks in a list of compound chunks .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   returns
truth:  yield   null

test:  updates a draft from the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  sync   sync

test:  given a url remove the parameters from the url and the site_url .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  put   a

test:  given the filename .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  redirects   null
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  training controller .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   crud
truth:  training   controller

test:  send a command to a next condition .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  use   a
truth:  send   send

test:  test to make sure an operation can another .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  test   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  send a message to a specific client .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  command   send
truth:  send   message

test:  verifies that the user can view the request .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  verifies   checks
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  see docs .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  like   config
truth:  customize   null

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert value to key and default values .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  find parameters in an action .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  mark a function as request .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  context   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  gets the ccx to use for a ccx .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  return   course
truth:  return   return

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  test %reset ip address .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  test   test
truth:  reset   reset

test:  when a constant is run .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  train a 3d feature matrix .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  dictionary   use
truth:  train   a

test:  send a message to a pushover tls level .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   exception
truth:  send   a

test:  returns list of admin users that have been admin other users .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  simplified the lhs by id and their id .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  apply   find
truth:  is   uuid

test:  url url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find the username that wont have access to the current site .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  send   signal
truth:  handle   handle

test:  given a python object .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  click the browser selector .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  enforce a string for use in javascript strings .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  enforce   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add pillars holes to vector3rackprofiles .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  display comparison in tasks .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  returns   types
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  create threshold sauvola .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  threshold   logarithmic
truth:  applies   null

test:  get a set of doc items for a canvas .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a permission grant on a role and lead .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   resource
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary converts a dictionary of values into a single dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  formats a timedelta time string to make it usable in seconds .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: disable-failed-job set pending timestamps to the console plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:robot framework plugin <hipchat+plugin> parameter plugin <envfile+plugin> .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  return xml file xml .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns a list of language bidi .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run a test on a web site .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  image data to generate an image .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  query   a
truth:  read   read

test:  create a txt response object according to the rules in the txt api .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  null   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper around cluster .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  remove   swarms
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  compare two strings of equal strings .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  check   test
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  a shortcut to create the current time .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   cli

test:  start a browser on a server .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  turns   up
truth:  run   nltk

test:  remove a path without os .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  dummy function to test the handler functions .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  to   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a byte string from a given file .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  return   a

test:  unregister a jinja environment .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  read   sign
truth:  create   create

test:  run the given command .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  null   class
truth:  server   server

test:  generates a unique id .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  retry the facebook list .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  do   default
truth:  sending   sending

test:  get the default domain object from the request .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  prints a list of baremetal nodes .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  show   list
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  document   document

test:  coerce value to a time from a json 8601 .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  null   a
truth:  value   value

test:  convert string into a flags .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  set   set

test:  load a coverage coverage .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  run   load
truth:  load   a

test:  run session between loopback and client instances over tcp .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   session
truth:  run   session

test:  get the diff of the ipa instance .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  mock   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get a vector3 from the *individuals* to end .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  encode line asking coords into coords .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  encode   transform
truth:  encode   encode

test:  generate all successive elements of a sequence .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the indentation level .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  expand   return
truth:  return   return

test:  updates parent status of parent status .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  update   status

test:  validate an exception is a previously updated instance .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return betweenness betweenness centrality for all nodes in g .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  helper function to return the slot of a given unit .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  merge all data from all returners .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  return   call
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is a known kind .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  enables enables .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  remove ? or ?unc prefix from filesystem .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  replace   argument

test:  convenience function does nothing .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts value to a bool value .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  to   python
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the panasonic tv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register a new colors .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  register   a
truth:  add   a

test:  quarter plot .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   multiple
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get lockfuncs .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  update   example
truth:  updates   updates

test:  create arma impulse matrix of arma .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  null   content
truth:  get   get

test:  subscribe a topic that maps a topic to a specific value .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  turn off off or off off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  if   null
truth:  called   null

test:  test setting of source volume from a blinker volume .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  reading   dict
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url url url url url url url url url url url url url url url url url url url url url url url url url url url url url
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  make masked masked arrays .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  make   mask
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image can be shared to this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get authentication token for an api .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  given   view
truth:  token   token

test:  extract a bit address in 6to4 address .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   one
truth:  make   a

test:  convert windows value to integer .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  prints ansi color by ansi string .
truth: string in color . 
test:  text   in
truth:  string   in

test:  get seconds in pandas .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  display   connection
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  get the terminal size of a given keyword arguments .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  check   attempt
truth:  get   get

test:  get the version of the project .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  fixture to clean secure secure .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  set   fixture
truth:  like   like

test:  create a link in the meetinglink .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  link   link
truth:  log   a

test:  returns true if *obj* is a klass .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   version

test:  returns true if the given distribution is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute compute the netsh .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  changes   interface

test:  start a signal from the selected system .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signal   default
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the integer associated with an integer n .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute square-free roots of f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  extended   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that all the files can be listed .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  show   test
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parses tstamp field from one field .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a previously registered serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  deactivate all projections from projections .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the default value for a transform .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  null   value
truth:  default   default

test:  write planes to a file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   images
truth:  write   a

test:  unsubscribe a list from a slug .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  to   null
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  return the power of the graph g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download translations for bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  command   controller
truth:  download   download

test:  return a dict of all linode data for a linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   nt

test:  details page: show a box with three tags .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   details

test:  find the candidates level of a parent directory .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the year for the year .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about package_id .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  execute the amazon remaining check and return a list of tasks .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  run   task
truth:  starts   null

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  index   index
truth:  assigned   null

test:  add the mean of the named double name of the database to add to the container .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  simplified   mean
truth:  accept   a

test:  loads the oauth client from the secret and secret and secret .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function to decorate methods in order to detect the memoized withparent .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generates the presigned post for the bucket specified by the given argument .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  updates   request
truth:  builds   null

test:  helper function to get the first id .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  find   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  print a list of all the available agent .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   add
truth:  list   list

test:  report l1 and report for prox .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  null   up
truth:  null   operator

test:  serialize a transform list of clause to a single string .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  the module is the top module to the correct module .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for estimating parameters of moments using method of moments .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  run   operation
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get a default document for a document .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  document   logs
truth:  were   null

test:  allow other attribute to be a function .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return true if the line contains a line in seconds .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  does   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send an email to a given process .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  send   convert
truth:  process   a

test:  test installing from reqs .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock dissimilarity between two vectors .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  change the dropfile cachedir cli example: .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  print   checks
truth:  set   set

test:  a context manager to generate a global input code at runtime .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  reading   context
truth:  patch   patch

test:  sets a list of evenly spaced n .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  filters   return
truth:  draws   a

test:  converts value into a native 8-bit 8-bit stream .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  finds an index by index in an index .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  turns   window
truth:  get   get

test:  if the intent is available .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  sum of a matrix .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  null   difference
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt a cipher with the given key .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   data
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  return a list of warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  null   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return the state of a given identity key .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  get   null
truth:  look   up

test:  empty : empty .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   response
truth:  empty   null

test:  this function will build a copy of fasta tags in k[x_{p(1)} .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  build   function
truth:  construct   a

test:  perform static finite of all finite in correctness .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  throw   a

test:  unquote a string .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  unquote   a
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  given a course and a modulestore and check whether it is found .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   method

test:  parse asdl response headers into a dict .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  decorate a function to be run .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  null   send
truth:  function   decorator

test:  dispatch function .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  do   a
truth:  send   a

test:  lettuce should print declaration to django admin site .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  break   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  generates the auto_auth group .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  attribute   group
truth:  add   add

test:  use source field to set all account in source .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  project   child
truth:  source   source

test:  parse the startup response .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  startup   packets

test:  determine if a loop is inside the filled list .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get metadata about a schema .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  creates   sql
truth:  return   a

test:  test replacing python string .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  replacing   test
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if a path is crossing inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the line encoding at the given content encoding .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  get   return
truth:  to   try

test:  return the current underlying name .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  null   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  gets the unicode field for a given number .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  update the named named named named named named group .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  set   set

test:  clean the jcr: points .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  rounding   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function does the umask functions .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  calls   get
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve the comment and comment and comment and comment and comment .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the sync sync version cli example: .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   migrate
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  install a mock response to software software secure .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  performs   post
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using windll .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is a account string in the series/index encoding .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   indexes
truth:  decode   character

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   extension

test:  this method checks the headers .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  parse   encoder
truth:  empty   remove

test:  return the configuration url for the given name .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  return   return
truth:  look   up

test:  by sending the user in queue with a single timezone .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  shows   instances
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the singleton used by this function calls to convert the input section of the input variables to the system .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  list   list

test:  test that print ops dont block block optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to write the given buffer to a given destination .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  output   output
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  hsail dipy .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test that the assumptions of assumptions .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  determine the current working id for this script .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create and write a file to a given path .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  create   function
truth:  write   contents

test:  true if the argument can be camelcased by {% a stream .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  merges any modal-workflow token in dictionary passed to their dshape .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  take   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether we should send to an email .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  if   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the float version from the current git version .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  git   git

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  clone links to browse .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  return   a
truth:  open   documentation

test:  checks if the provided req version is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  if   check

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return the text representation of the textile as a string .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  function   function

test:  setup/teardown rnn variable .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  null   difference
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  given a google_calendar_devices wheels file object and its sequences .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  to   mapping
truth:  null   program

test:  make sure the timeout is raised if the timeout input .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  enables previously registered home page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  takes   view
truth:  named   null

test:  return a testsuite testsuite that maps some test cases in the given test suite .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  creates   strip
truth:  visit   visit

test:  returns a list of all the directories in the given package .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  list   list

test:  this calls a unicode safe function in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  calls   fixes
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the path to the directory of the testfile .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  perform morphological thinning of input image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  checks that the current error is yaml: .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  serialize   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  test retrieving .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  make   in
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  verifies control character .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  ensure   exception
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset the network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  resets   restart
truth:  reset   network

test:  utility method to identify a string of characters .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  raises   create
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a list of all theme dirs in the given themes .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   theme

test:  will return the current timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  creates an internal constraint lh .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  place   helper
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a user with a staff user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  map   return
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody connected to a home page .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  this function takes a list and returns true or false .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  if   null

test:  download a zip file and saves it .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  download   downloads
truth:  download   a

test:  sends a commit to the specified commit .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that default duplicates can be subclassed .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  decode a list of sort: .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  null   implementation

test:  vertical sobel on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  list all schema in database .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  ensure   list
truth:  return   a

test:  call -> returncode run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  to   null
truth:  command   command

test:  test average solution .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  support   ip
truth:  averaging   test

test:  given a subnet .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  removes   delete
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get an iam group cli example to a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  calculates the binom tost count for the number of binom is pushed or equal to the windows window of the confidence things .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  null   truncate
truth:  null   null

test:  return the subgraph crust .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize python object to a string for use in serialization .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  serialize   python
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  returns a boolean depending on the current image .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  get the ipython ipython ipython ipython ipython ipython instance .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  read   read

test:  create a session by loading the current server-side session .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  called   a
truth:  create   a

test:  it can ignore the definitions of a step .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  default   default

test:  gets sid from a name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  retrieve   change
truth:  is   null

test:  context manager that automatically remove a new environment variable .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  do   context
truth:  modify   null

test:  using the streaming api .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  write   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  replace the setting with a kodi setting .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  takes   a

test:  divide all coefficients by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  set security groups to a file system cli example: .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  set   set
truth:  modifies   null

test:  warn about the rvm controller .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  this function takes an object or a record value and returns a record .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  to   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return a list of instance associated with an instance .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  profile   check
truth:  to   check

test:  download the data from a dict .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  download   download
truth:  return   args

test:  build the datacenter for the datastore .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  bytes   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  pretty print the depth of an n-d depth args: depth: the depth on the pixel markup which is the user serial returns: str: the pixel pixel .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  calculate   scenarios
truth:  depth   depth

test:  removes a database from the database .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   wrapper
truth:  drop   database

test:  takes a list of binary files or sequence of sff files into a single string of files .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  write   a

test:  compute input from input tree by three product .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  multiply   expr
truth:  compute   compute

test:  determine if a next-hop matches the pbkdf2 name .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  click server .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  scroll   equivalent
truth:  select   null

test:  check if a user can delete an acl .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  wait for a packet to return the appropriate status for an object .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  assert that the contains function works .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  asserts   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a hamming window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the page or none if there is an html page .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  get a lineage lineage for certname .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  run   fill
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the loop into the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   intersections

test:  return the gcs connection to an ec2 cloudwatchevents .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of courses that have been sorted by their announcement .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  check   a
truth:  sorts   a

test:  it should download a wheel archive for pypi purposes .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  check adding chain values to the chain .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  null   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  decorator to ensure that the volume do not match exceptions .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  executes   decorator
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  use the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts binary representation label to integer .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  convert   binary
truth:  converts   integer

test:  parse an xml string and return its parse tree .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  parse   in
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is pyenv .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  to   check

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a search dict with the given collection to search .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  writes a directory to disk .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  join   join
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  create or docked interactive window unconditionally .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  inplace   a
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a sequence of sequences .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  return   sample
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that grafana eval should respond without tar .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a html report class by whether it is a filesystem report or a string .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the prefix for the accuracy of an option .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  set   set
truth:  default   default

test:  get global variables of the command .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  package   screen
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request type paging section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  null   request
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for step in the case m .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns the url to the api url .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  converts   api
truth:  get   get

test:  update or add resource from dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  null   context
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  null   routine

test:  list the startup disks of the current host cli example: .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  run a topic push with a topic .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   header
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  helper function for --instance-groups xenapi plugin responses .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  null   null
truth:  xor   xor

test:  return marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   marker
truth:  return   marker

test:  a matlab generator that instantiates zero and such that it returns an array of zero zero .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get media descriptors user_data .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  unpack the offsets code into an integer code .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  unpack   multiple
truth:  returns   a

test:  encode a list of .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  parse the given service into the database object .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  print   print

test:  find size in the given path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  fetch   size
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a float to rational rational format .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  determines whether a url would be present .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   titles

test:  use the theano that the theano subclasses will give a theano rng .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   error
truth:  tests   tests

test:  transform a dense numpy array into a dense numpy array of labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  import   binary
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts a string into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  download data from chunk of chunk .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   use
truth:  download   download

test:  reverse a playlist .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  displayed   entire
truth:  order   order

test:  select a path with small weight .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  select   like
truth:  null   null

test:  return an iterator over iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  turns   a

test:  return the list of language names of the given language .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compiles all controllers in the folder into an folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back the file for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return the time zone .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  list   datetime
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path to the default sys .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  default   path
truth:  provide   null

test:  prepare the md5 string for the specified user .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  hex   modules
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  prints a few int .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   usage
truth:  print   print

test:  simple error handler .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  prefix   a

test:  create a config dict .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  show all standard sources .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  allows   shortcut
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  add a custom tool spec .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  config   a
truth:  to   add

test:  initialize a nice environment on the git registry .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  load   module
truth:  if   null

test:  create a private key from a private key .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  view required to handle certificate certificates for certificate certificate request .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  null   request
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  return the vector of the named package path .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   path

test:  converts a row element-wise examples to a dict .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with noheader .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  merge saved .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  returns permissions for all custom permissions .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  run   configures
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  this sends an alert of life of life .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  send   websocket
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  this function returns a list of files found in the given folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return style style style loss from numeric graph .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  null   map
truth:  computes   style

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  cleans up the events event .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  cleans   trigger
truth:  clears   null

test:  test that a custom reader function works .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  test   test
truth:  write   a

test:  return markup with options .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  given   a
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the available netatmo weather sensors .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  get list of series names and values from series .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  import   a
truth:  figure   figure

test:  escape invalid line characters .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  replaces   new

test:  sets the ccx field at the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  pending   a
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  chain a rule into a tree of positional rings .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  concatenate a nested function or a sequence of arguments .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the specified dns records .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  is   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the version from v2 .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  is   diff

test:  return a filename containing the file path .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  like   create
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of motion .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  a hook to set the trace hook to the trace .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  grab   debugging
truth:  call   pdb

test:  returns the service object associated with the given service .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  cleanup temporary directories .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   temporary
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  show a remote command to transfer a remote transfer via the log .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  run   waits
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  updates an database with its proper or query components .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare the jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  convert an object to the native object .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  return   object
truth:  takes   in

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the average of three three every three every time value is specified in the series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test effects of effects of effects .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   attempts
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether an object is an instance of a long .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  just returns the given value as currency according to currency .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a list of all available calculators modules cli example: .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  wait for a key in etcd to be run in a node .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  cleanup   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  custom page fields for formstyle .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that something expressed in the right distance are pushed .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   filter
truth:  check   check

test:  escapes a string for inclusion in a url .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  quotes   format
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  remove the python source from the package name .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  accepts   delete
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  class decorator that closes a class from a metaclass .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  validate   metaclass
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy data from a source file of another fsencoding objects .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  null   null

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   number

test:  flatten an iterator .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  convert   generator
truth:  convert   app

test:  select backticks between python source and other ancestor rules .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  indent   multiple
truth:  fill   a

test:  create the configuration directory for a specific site .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a vastly compatible with an ssl_options .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  null   connect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a link to the specified url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  updates   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if incomplete upload files make sure if incomplete upload if incomplete is complete .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  if   in
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  search a query that yields a query .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  search   pairs
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  display information on the state data from a pillar data structure cli example: .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  return   queries
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  handles the names of an image .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  null   file
truth:  list   list

test:  sample weighted percentile of a weighted numpy array .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  compute   sample
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : goto id semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read bti pdf matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   regression
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run a threading hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  running   sparse
truth:  executed   null

test:  retrieves single default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the gauss-hermite quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   implementation
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a model model path from a dictionary .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  add a function to the queue .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  add   functions
truth:  bind   cli

test:  test to see if the file does not exist .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the line number of the object .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  method decorator .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a directory name .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  return   in
truth:  starting   starting

test:  directory path to mkdir mkdir directory .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  to get the coverage tree in the base .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  transforms the given clip into the edges .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  return if a filter snapshot is created from a group .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of all chunks cli example: .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve and display the list of approval requests .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  looks   handler
truth:  iterate   null

test:  converts the input data to camel components .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   snake

test:  function to decide which the given function should be called only .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  to   display
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting completion for bash flag .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test javascript javascript and files for external resource and resource .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to protect methods that should only receive anything .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   fallback

test:  return a dict with the current configuration .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a list of api parameter and returns a list of api instances .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  updates   sets
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: validating a validating parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  unicode   dict
truth:  null   null

test:  restore more variables to a cifar model .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   put
truth:  null   eval

test:  given two childrens instances .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  plot   file
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  return the list of facet facet items for the given facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  allocate a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return v1 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  module   return
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  flattens the search search for a given keyword arguments .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  search   search
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  complete   expressions
truth:  null   mode

test:  return a record as a constant representing a constant .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  return the matrix of size n from each row .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  rfc   a
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  expand home directory at *out_path* and return the path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  provides   null

test:  patches to keep function that will check that github calls to the buffer .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  use   test
truth:  dedent   null

test:  returns the full path without the file or none .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reset the cache for the given language .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  clear   cache
truth:  reset   reset

test:  splits the given auth string into a tuple .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  iterate over records in a prodoc file .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   custom
truth:  parse   cell

test:  import error node .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  import   import
truth:  if   check

test:  nv == orv == orv(intersection) .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  null   classes
truth:  null   orv

test:  expect a collection .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  define   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  return dictionary of http/1 .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  performs   a

test:  run patches in a redis content .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  command   content
truth:  return   return

test:  testing when a dependency output path is passed .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  uses googleappengine command line output .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  capture   wrapper
truth:  run   run

test:  remove all files from the input .
truth: many builds . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  visible in the swiping table .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of the warnings names that should be included in the list of warnings .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  ensure the named 'allprofiles' is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  return   a

test:  indentation manager .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the cost cost of g .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  create a theme from a theme .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  name   name

test:  recommend this function to recommend for recommend .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  taken   function
truth:  return   top

test:  get the text function read in the file .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of option names to use in the command line .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message usage:: log log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   log

test:  multiply a k[x] polynomial by a term in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  send system manager .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  send   update
truth:  add   a

test:  try to determine the version from the version .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  runs the wsgi app .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  run   a
truth:  like   like

test:  determine if the request matches the given authenticated .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs to fasta with specified incorrect .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   seqs
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the genrepo .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a list of all enabled plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test bucket names of bucket names from .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  config   null
truth:  test   test

test:  context manager that reads json encoded data .
truth: compress json . 
test:  import   json
truth:  compress   json

test:  save sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  make   null

test:  creates a srt .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  attribute   create
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  read the entire text from a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  using netmiko enter into configuration mode on pynet-rtr2 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  computes the child dependencies that are in the given dependents .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to parse a rapid .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  password   get
truth:  null   null

test:  return the length of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  solves   int
truth:  return   return

test:  locate the vmx .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  to   find
truth:  to   function

test:  returns the list of filetypes valid .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  get   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  takes a list of order strings .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  given   mask
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  given an answers rule .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  widget   a
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  time series forecast .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn on logging and add a logger which prints to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  to   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stops   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  initiate a coach with coach permissions for a ccx .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  modify   view
truth:  set   set

test:  verifies that fixtures of fixtures and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return isframe instance name .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process files to pixel for files .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  null   a
truth:  process   process

test:  return url instance required by the request instance .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of compiled filters from the given config .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  checks that sample ids are duplicates and more duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  checks   data
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  downloads a simple example url .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  download   downloads
truth:  if   null

test:  clone a repository into a new directory .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  use   null
truth:  clone   clone

test:  uses the input nodes of the input nodes .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  takes   call
truth:  uses   uses

test:  using our few ip address .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  null   test
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure a elasticache subnet group exists .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   delete
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  parse the request code .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  parse   error
truth:  try   try

test:  table with twoline table that the column names dont occur by the delimiter .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  test   input
truth:  fixed   null

test:  compute the dot product of a and b .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return true if the service is running on boot .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all line ids sorted by the given block_structure .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  find   a
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  create a set of sets of pc for a task .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   property

test:  download setuptools from a specified directory .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   download
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  merges includes code into a single parsed code .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  getting   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  prompt the user to choose a variable in the make .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   attribute
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  return a list of unique padded symbols should turn any string into a list of elements in the specified key symbols .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  function   node
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that we can do unique elements .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in the file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  duplicate   merge
truth:  saves   one

test:  remove the named trailing .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse udevadm information .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   attributes
truth:  parse   parse

test:  restore intervals for peer_info .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the attenuation matrix for a : int number of lags values .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a project in the hypersearch project .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  project   project

test:  for a multi-part bit-depth .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  turns   create
truth:  ensure   null

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  module   check
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  a received received configuration and return a dict mapping label names to all received definitions .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the python version string .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string representing the current default version .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  does   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test exception when dim is passed .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  dimension   test
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  check if any files in the specified file .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  files   a
truth:  if   null

test:  receive from admin page .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  use   show
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing data description from data .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator which yields the pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the cliques cliques of the chordal graph .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  filter data from data passed into data using /dev/sdc filter by __path__ up up up filter on data .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  return the port port number of seconds for this process .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  return   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  sends an oauth request to redirects and redirects to redirect to redirect and sends the lhs lhs .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  have   null

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  callback invoked when examine command exists .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  command   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  confirm that a color has a color of a color table .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of exploration ids for the given exploration ids .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  list   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the object has access to the staff mode .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  check   query
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a message of a warning .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the bootstrap module name .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  bootstrap   null
truth:  import   import

test:  run a salt service .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  create   a
truth:  name   name

test:  it should be the classifier .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  text   null
truth:  null   example

test:  commits a slice into a slice .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  centers   a
truth:  function   function

test:  starting starting a detached process .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  starting   starting
truth:  starting   starting

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a review .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  simplified   decorator
truth:  skip   a

test:  extract homematic tags from template tags .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount a configured storagepool with a given pool .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  install   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for dogpiles flag whose byte from an arbitrary flag whose administration is the command line from a string .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  given   version
truth:  return   description

test:  this function is taken from the map which we have a map and returns true if all the sequence which is a map .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  split   elements
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python object for an object .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yield all files in roots that match files .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  help place to simple deployment .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  null   salt

test:  check if file is into directory .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  given   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   isactive
truth:  setting   setting

test:  returns trailing filtercomments .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  null   search
truth:  null   null

test:  setup sudoers for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  bench   frappe
truth:  add   commands

test:  test reading and duplicate of objects .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   test
truth:  converting   test

test:  calculates the array of elements in a numpy numpy array .
truth: aux function . 
test:  make   a
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a html fragment from the interfaces page .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check data type with a gf array .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  uses   data
truth:  allocate   a

test:  save the task definition to a task .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  save   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a vastly socket .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  return   convenience
truth:  null   convenience

test:  check the __init__ port for the given sidebar .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  if   check
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of user names that can be used with a currently deleted in the request .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  remove leading zeros from f in k[x] .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  load   null
truth:  to   null

test:  deletes tags from an elb .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  delete   tags
truth:  add   add

test:  send a wsgi-function to a file .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  text   remove
truth:  create   a

test:  get all cgsnapshots .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  validates whether the given metadata has a definition for the given repos .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  output java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  null   target
truth:  define   null

test:  runs a command and print it to stderr .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   level

test:  link to a bokeh user in the bokeh view .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  to   link
truth:  to   link

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  populate a field with a given private field from the given field .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  test that kivy_configure() .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  null   database

test:  normalize a list of writebyproteinrec objects .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  queries   apply
truth:  write   a

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a new keyring cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   keyring

test:  returns the url for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the client spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds caching :type modname: response to the response with the given response .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  to   add
truth:  caching   set

test:  returns true if the given node is eligible .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   check

test:  returns a dictionary with information about the xblocks gating and adds information about the specified groovy gating for the specified course .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the ca available ca certs .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a sorted list of worst pairs .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  find   connectivity
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a datetime to integer .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  update a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  helper function of unavailable from power of cost .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  computes   function
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  generate a random string with 1 and allchars .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  build   strip
truth:  generate   a

test:  sample from an expression .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  skip a function as a eager until it has no circle_id .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  removes a directory .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds the orm to numtips tree .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  return   lines
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  set the sql table for database .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   defaults

test:  context manager to capture a file with block stack .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  context   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a little helper to make sure that a room is more advanced .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   room
truth:  null   a

test:  the stack stack is not not not not not not not not served served .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  null   world
truth:  stack   stack

test:  save image to disk .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  import   a
truth:  showing   null

test:  validates that runner parameter parameter .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  if   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return threshold isodata .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  threshold   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  generate pprint .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  list   null
truth:  print   print

test:  decorator to require a decorator to be a handler .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  returns an api context as a fresh api .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   info

test:  given a class body .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  return   one
truth:  latex   latex

test:  make sure the cookies can be removed .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a list of provides valid expressions to their cg .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  to   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a dummy dummy function that uses a class .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  replace str with an empty string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  string   string

test:  create the x509 certificate from the x509 certificate .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  to put the host system for a specified host or host .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  disconnect   put
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type optdict .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  raises   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  update a copy of the database .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  function takes a keyword object and returns a dictionary .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  fks data into a minion .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  pack   work
truth:  list   list

test:  fit a iir model .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  compute   test
truth:  fit   fit

test:  initialize spider log for given spider .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  logs   logs

test:  reconstruct the matrix of po matrices of their b .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  evaluate   division
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   load

test:  a dummy app .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  fixture   setup
truth:  point   point

test:  get the group policy .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts a string from a datetime .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  wrap a function or raise notimplementederror if it does not exist .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes a basic channel with an http channel .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  make   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  standard filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run the js tests in the build process .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   generate
truth:  run   run

test:  return the help command .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  default   default

test:  return a dictionary of network configuration .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  integrate   server
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert a file name from a file .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  simple simple simple extras of extras .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  test   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform direct to power analysis on ram .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  apply a rules in the os .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   strategy

test:  poll should return true when exception is true .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  null   process
truth:  handle   chain

test:  return a list of existing elements of the sequence .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  given   multiple

test:  find possible user by name and return it .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  to   email
truth:  if   check

test:  => hex colors .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer | integer | integer | integer | integer .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   pointer
truth:  null   integer

test:  resultant resultant algorithm in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  used   polynomial
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  call getting getting any values in dict passed .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the central diff of order weights .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   weights

test:  returns a context manager used by the placeholder method .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  tuple   convenience
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  encrypt data with the given secret .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  installs   operation
truth:  null   null

test:  get list of median median .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   median
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only load this module if the os is available .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an array that will be children but has visibility .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  selected   returns

test:  plot plot .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   plots
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns the absolute path to the output of this proxy .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   a

test:  initalizes the recurrence relation with the given private state this method combines by an optional state of the private state .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  display the image .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  show   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  create and writes a contents of a given contents .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  write   something

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a formset for the given kwargs .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  converts a python string from a unicode string into an unicode string .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  convert   call
truth:  to   attempt

test:  replaces transcripts from a json .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  replaces   html5
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  convert a file: url to a local url .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  clears globally installed configuration .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  destroy the type with the given type .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  get   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  returns script from a single argument string .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  command   command

test:  convert a string to a bitlist .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  convert   data
truth:  transform   transform

test:  decorator to set cached values for each getaddrinfo in getaddrinfo .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  equality_expression : relational_expression ge shift_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   and_expression
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  rechunk triggered a given alphabet .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  stop   plot
truth:  returns   a

test:  join a list of full elements of a collection .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  join   utility
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an integer to a string of bytes .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  translate   logs
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  returns a dictionary of keys of true .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  list   list
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   power

test:  validates the settings in the django settings .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  verify   settings
truth:  checks   checks

test:  writes an index to the polynomial at the given url .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  log   helper
truth:  formats   formats

test:  retrieve templates from server .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  requests   a
truth:  initiate   a

test:  edit edit .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   read
truth:  edit   media

test:  element-wise l1 .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  tell worker(s) to modify the task by sending it .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  terminate   task

test:  add a issubclass class to the appropriate type class .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  open   convert
truth:  null   type

test:  runs a python callable against a issue bug .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  apply   lists
truth:  null   a

test:  inserts a 'number object into a builtin .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  limit   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the indices of a blaze expression .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   matching
truth:  expr   expr

test:  returns an exploration from a model .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  return   tag
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes executes values .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   connect
truth:  func   func

test:  execute the theano method and acts in the command line .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  null   point
truth:  null   entry

test:  resolve the global callback object to resolve it on the device .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  host   host

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  visualize random plotting .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  make   epochs
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  the smallest rsa logic .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the password of a user cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  change   move
truth:  reset   a

test:  returns a list of paths to recursively find all the files found in the given path .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  to   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts to the label of label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  host   hosts
truth:  add   multiple

test:  returns shed-related or directory-alike for a password .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  check   checking
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning a set of pk nodes with limited fields for rendering the parent parents .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  converts an index to a three letter string .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  to   index

test:  register a custom codecs codecs .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  register   null
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  encodes a utf-8 string to utf-8 bytes in utf-8 format .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the minimum clique complement of the graph .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions in lexer .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bitbucket set pending keys to bitbucket .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   timed
truth:  null   null

test:  a simple dict that removes keys of a dictionary .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset points inside a loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  save a form to the users form .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  save   set
truth:  save   a

test:  read the pcfg file with production code from the production .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test legend for legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  null   kernel
truth:  null   kernel

test:  get information about xfs filesystem .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  extract   remove
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  element-wise class .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  used   return
truth:  null   negation

test:  convert string to numeric literal string .
truth: as above . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new endpoint service .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  function   create
truth:  insert   a

test:  read network configuration file .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  taken from sources .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  to   datetime
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list zones for a specific profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   zones

test:  get the keys of a users key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  determine which redirect to specified adapter is being deleted or redirects .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a set of all available services .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get the test tolerance .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  test   github
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  check a key against a csr or pem key .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   request
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture which provides a fake download stub .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset magic magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stubs from cobbler .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   multiple
truth:  patch   patch

test:  create a gdb in gdb .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  use   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the writer .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   policy

test:  return a string describing the period of period .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   alias

test:  get a deferred from a process .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  download   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  creates   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a dhcp options exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  return   dhcp
truth:  if   check

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within a string .
truth: from url . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   packages
truth:  updates   packages

test:  return the text of a file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  deletes the given api service from the given api cli example: .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  app all apps with _ansible_ absolute apps .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  running   running

test:  return value rounded up to float .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  value   value
truth:  filter   filter

test:  upload an object to an object .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   usage
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the media player object .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under filename .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  make a template resource from the current resource and version .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a record .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  looks up the message in the edit for the given params .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  given   a

test:  specify the ordereddict in nested method resolution to assign errors to their nested method .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  function   a
truth:  give   null

test:  clean clean up after translation_function .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  reset   utility
truth:  resets   null

test:  authentication decorator that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  destroy a list of trash .
truth: remove message . 
test:  list   a
truth:  remove   message

test:  returns true if the current request headers is websocket .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  list all subdirectories in the configuration directories .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  starts this module to ensure the wsgi release is configured .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  null   program
truth:  run   run

test:  max pooling pool .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  returns true if the given module name is a relative module :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get user info .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   info
truth:  assigned   get

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   null
truth:  work   work

test:  return a dict of environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fixture that returns a temporary package .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute a cloud cloud installation .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  to   files
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string representing a basic object .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  converts   place
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper function that walk the same patterns from the input patterns .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  given   null
truth:  function   function

test:  expand a string based routers .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  create style library .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   style

test:  extracts a bitstring/bytestring from a raw byte string .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  determine the url to python domain url .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute polynomial composition of f and power of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  polynomials   compute
truth:  construct   a

test:  check that apps works .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  null   mark
truth:  null   part

test:  trigger a workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  validates users with web column if necessary .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  adds   attributes
truth:  add   user

test:  fetch a user by username and return it .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  restores the packages at the beginning of a pdf {key1: .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  return   fit
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  context manager to use the plugins in the template .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   plugins
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  returns a random integer .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  on windows .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  like   like

test:  computes subresultant subresultants of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  helper function to retry a server .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  function   retry
truth:  function   function

test:  get an openid socket object .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the hardware architecture of the machine .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create an empty vfolders using the polynomial .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  run   a
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a fits record format spec into a fits format .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  translate   convert
truth:  record   record

test:  convert a responder function to a 404 request .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  check if indices have 'has context .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  context   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the dummy dummy vm .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  escapes characters that are allowed to be different but optionally normalise in a string so they can be passed in special characters .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  finds   escape
truth:  simulate   null

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf response .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  converts a timedelta object in the form of the duration of microseconds .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  to   copy
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  check if system b is in bcpy .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return a version of hexdigest .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  use   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the trimmed value of the passed axes .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  factor univariate polynomials over finite fields .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   function
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  return the users username name .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   username
truth:  return   return

test:  look up the user in request and fetches the user .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  get   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns a function that returns the label depending on the label .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  label   redirects
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  controller to add a resource comments to the comments .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  whitespace   controller
truth:  return   a

test:  modifies a view or a view that was protected with some or less examples: .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the group module if the os is sunos .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  confirm   set
truth:  work   work

test:  parse a string into an array of steps .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  draw a pair of active layers .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   routine
truth:  draws   a

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  converts the given value into a tuple of 2-element tuples .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  convert   service
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator to use the test classes to wrap a test method as an test .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  define   test
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the platform platform to check if running on this platform .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  play a file with threads .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  skip   matrix
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the file upload count of the keys in the provided request .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the indices of the elements along an axis .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  draw   create
truth:  return   discrete

test:  downloads a scope file .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  email utility method bulk email .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  email   email
truth:  given   a

test:  set the connection info url for the connection running instance .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  called   a
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs with the equivalent summary .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  get   a
truth:  like   like

test:  return list of files in there .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  walk   null

test:  test whether a resource is fully available .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  test that invalid version of invalid version does not exist .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute all query within dictionary vars .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  execute   output
truth:  execute   sql

test:  filter the md5 function for a given payload .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  null   strip
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate possible hash .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  make   elementwise
truth:  test   interaction

test:  status edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  insert : rule | qliteral | .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  null   rule

test:  cleans the component .
truth: clean component . 
test:  cleans   sample
truth:  clean   component

test:  encode the given headers into a tuple with the given headers .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   method
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get the authentication url for the given t-test .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   -
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of packages within a venv venv .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  help function for empty trash .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  creates   tensorboard
truth:  empty   trash

test:  a wrapper for memoizing that allows arbitrary tests to be run .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  func   func

test:  test the suggestion can be used to create a review suggestion .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a python dictionary into a python dictionary .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  null   function
truth:  convert   python

test:  deletes an existing document .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  import   create
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse markup in doc .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively recursive dir dir and all files in the given pattern .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  walk   null

test:  regression test for url .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  github   test
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the given list of values .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the completions .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   in
truth:  update   update

test:  expand an attribute dictionary .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  null   metadata
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  reads the vhost .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  is   input

test:  generate an instance of stochastic backend to cleanup .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  report   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  find all files in a package .
truth: by default . 
test:  process   a
truth:  default   default

test:  escapes the first two variable arguments .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  removes the given security group from the instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  convert a mac address in graph6 format into its string representation .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  import an ast file from an object to a module .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  content   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  test that attribute works with attribute errors .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  test   test
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  registers the output of the output to show output and creates a valid image with the specified output .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  register   a
truth:  registers   null

test:  release an interface to be needed by interface name .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   scale
truth:  release   release

test:  ensure that a stonith stonith is present on the computenode name irrelevant statistic the name of white stonith only set on a node with a functional state .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   description
truth:  ensure   null

test:  render all single-entry actions .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  process   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns true if the given matrix is a hermitian matrix .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifying the output with expected results for log output .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   null
truth:  verifying   null

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   data
truth:  sign   data

test:  enable the named service to start at boot .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  disables   enable
truth:  disable   null

test:  decorator that ensures a transaction is run in a datastore .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  null   async

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_one_default_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure memory whitespace is before the command line .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  make   test
truth:  null   readers

test:  options nit : int .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  clears   calls
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes and encodes to base64 format supplied value .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into a single key .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  copy   copy

test:  checks if an nginx item is in the same directory .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return the style stream of a comment .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  write a message to the log file .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  write   null
truth:  adds   message

test:  check for missing about the port .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   entry
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check if a keyspace exists in influxdb and in influxdb .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return a content-range copy of the supplied key .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  do   null
truth:  reduces   a

test:  simple non-unc test .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   regression
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a partition that sharedvariable the size of the input partition .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  m   function
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  returns a path to the current directory of a temp package .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  init   return
truth:  return   return

test:  inspect the callable to be used for testing purposes .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  raise   error
truth:  print   a

test:  return a numpy color name .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   value
truth:  color   color

test:  handle links to get links .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  hash   in
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test a unique join node .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   install
truth:  configure   configure

test:  system system information for a bug .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  null   system
truth:  null   information

test:  reverse the logger for the temporary logger .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  close   blocks
truth:  closes   null

test:  handled links to meta in range) .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for creating a cached unit test if a cached has passed passed in .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure error can compile functions with compile .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  check   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  this function checks that the first kind of a complex power of the prime prime .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   null

test:  compute hus set of scalings .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  scale   scale

test:  takes the config .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the day of the day .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plots   day

test:  apply a function in a simple 2d transform on the output .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  solves   null

test:  refine a string .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  calculate   f
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator: automatically wrap a method to cache its results in a concrete instance .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns true if server and port are present .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the automate constraints constraints are supported .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  make   null

test:  get the float .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the access key from the environment or none if no request can be found .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the url to date .
truth: main loop . 
test:  parse   connect
truth:  loop   loop

test:  make the api request object with the given retries request object .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  make   equivalent
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   stringprep
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  create a template from a file .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  context   context
truth:  require   a

test:  return the number of scalars relative to the verbose .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   equation
truth:  computes   null

test:  downgrade an open v3 .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  changes   create
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  determine whether there is an upgrade server in the minion .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  divide all coefficients by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  run the getoption tests on the configuration files .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  plugin   calculate
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a filename to a file path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  make   a

test:  updates the locate database cli example: .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  modify   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  a demonstration showing the output of a single database .
truth: main program . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  null   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a query string into a list of 'float' objects .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  null   effect
truth:  null   effect

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a descriptor .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  if   api
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns list of users profile profile .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  opencl get_work_dim() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate through the git tests .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  decorate   create
truth:  create   a

test:  return imports .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  module   returns
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute diagonals matrix exponential using diagonals .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  to   expr
truth:  return   a

test:  test nearest connectivity from a list of partitions .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  load an ]]] token .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  module   in
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  merge the volume bindings .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  modify   multiple
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a group type .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   group

test:  read kit events .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  read   file
truth:  function   function

test:  adds an exploration report for the given email report .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return the sentence of the first romberg integer c .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  get   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start context manager for the daemon/forkd cluster .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  return the name of the file located in filename .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check that the false} structure are the same .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  check two lists of seqrecords features .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  does nothing .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  return   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  reverse a lambda function .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  null   variable
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return the locale name associated with a locale .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   set
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  render a product list page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  null   emails
truth:  null   product

test:  killall terminate all them by them them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  scales all images by the given image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  computes   remove
truth:  given   a

test:  walk a directory tree .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  null   a

test:  find the entire block of top deletion .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  call   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  factory function that instantiates a non-admin .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a wsgi application in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the default fetch deadline deadline for the given thread .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  fetch   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a string representing the package version or none if not installed .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to protect methods that should only receive anything .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the current time in seconds since epoch .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  this convenience function is intended to allow some of the correct line to find the default url .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   frequency

test:  generate a password hash from a given username and a content .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  check   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to amazon aws connection .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  send database .
truth: send create database . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  create   create

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for events .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a metadef dat .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get list of ip addresses .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called only time the server stops before a reload .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  get the current hash of the server for a given file .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  show   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the result of a suite from the tag .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  get   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  look in git repository .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list profiles .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   profile
truth:  list   list

test:  list all installed extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  do   a
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python modules in the same location as a string .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  load   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a set of all items .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  null   message
truth:  set   set

test:  encode a string using base64 alphabet .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute docker commands in docker commands .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  null   run
truth:  to   prefix

test:  get the location of the current request .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap an http dialog with an internationalized protocol .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert a list object to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return "asset_id" sums for each canonical volume such that the indicated volume per indicated private fields .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   values
truth:  null   field

test:  single module view page .
truth: module view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  specifying no arguments should work in the console .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  run   null
truth:  command   command

test:  this function returns a technical response .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   real

test:  convert a polynomial in gf(p)[x] to an integer .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  returns keys of an object .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quotas the zca image tracking of the triplets principal .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  extract   print
truth:  apply   apply

test:  check to see that the line is a line geometry .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  modified   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a 2-tuple of all matches in the string .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns an array of standard normal form .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  trims   null

test:  returns the set of indexes for the given numeric model .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the squared error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  compute a hash using the independently of a string .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  display   display

test:  write a string table to a file table .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  change the urls backwards to lowercase .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  save image to be used in post data .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  save   a
truth:  write   image

test:  connect to the ldap connection .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  return a new rc2 cipher .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   a

test:  simple_stmt : list < field_type > .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   const_value
truth:  null   null

test:  clears any existing dag instances .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return true if *obj* is a docstring .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  check   null
truth:  get   arguments

test:  ensure that a string is an unicode string .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return a tuple of strings .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  walk   tree

test:  copy multiple files or videos from a given file .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  handles   request
truth:  turn   null

test:  get the directory name .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  return   key
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package with a package .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  retrieves the application indexes and their states from the datastore .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  make sure that the test works properly .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   methods
truth:  test   test

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of bits that were like to be used as a list of bits .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a compiler tag is requested .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  refresh the state of the device .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  to   refresh
truth:  null   null

test:  download data locally from a file .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   one
truth:  download   api

test:  return an os version of file .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the mnist .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  test   in
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful crud controller - could allow searching for options .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  turn a string into a native object .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  string   string

test:  get an image object from the proxied device .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  a decorator to decorate a function or method of a level of a specific level .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  use   decorator
truth:  logging   logging

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function function .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  generate a utc date .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  private method returns a translator response header for the received layer .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert a dictionary of issues into a list of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  issues   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve context for a context .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  compute   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  iterate through example filenames and return a list of example names .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  get   a
truth:  yield   elements

test:  adds additional methods to be run in a collection .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  function enforces non-null key for keypairs field .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  upload   create
truth:  adds   function

test:  wrap a function to be called when it is called .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser --> /path .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize the json file for the json output .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  parse   method
truth:  logging   logging

test:  send a soft to the named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  send   a

test:  solves the equation diophantine equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return mpttmodel info dict for current desktop list .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  given   install
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  extract input headers from a assure image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  reverse the entry point for an http backend .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  only load this module if the psql bin exist .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run xlsxwriter xlsxwriter in default mode .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   send
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  a custom breaks .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return path to executable .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  return   delete
truth:  command   command

test:  it can run only the app with one limit .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  used   null
truth:  running   running

test:  check that service tags are available .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   service
truth:  check   check

test:  return the harmonic component of the given numba spend .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  displays the cluster variables for a given cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  pad   reference
truth:  return   a

test:  return list of indices within passed shape .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  lc: the plots on the plots .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  package   null
truth:  load   load

test:  try to get a set of language timeouts .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  return   language
truth:  to   try

test:  compile a python source .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check two lists of lists .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  check   jobs
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of disks that have been wipe .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  upgrade   root
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  return a locale name .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new repository that does not exist in the file .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   create
truth:  files   files

test:  get the first word .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  returns true .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  complete   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns a margin usign image and geometry for the specified image file .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes a single plugin .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  its an test_badoptimization() list .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  change   a

test:  creates a random array with the given shape .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the number of users that are followed by this dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  callback for showing an twisted result .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  register   stop
truth:  close   close

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parses the sample id into rst nodes .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   one
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  truncates   search
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  send an email to scene .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  creates   handler
truth:  request   request

test:  the gradient of the scalar frame .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   path

test:  test simple example on a multi-part object .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  overlap   test
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  creates and returns json string .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  null   update
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract the link from the header of the http response .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   links
truth:  extract   links

test:  given a trail .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  load named ip ips from the specified ip addresses .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  get a connection to the mysql connection .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the git fetch of the git fetch the git fetch .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  issue   settings
truth:  make   null

test:  get the inet address for this minion .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the current thread name to use in work .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test that socket fails to a correct socket .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  null   test
truth:  is   null

test:  imports from file with the given name .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  import   view
truth:  content   content

test:  regression test for bug fixed when ask work .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  need   need

test:  check if the named service is disabled .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  to   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  creates an instance of the appropriate xml class from the xml definition .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : morerules ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the ipython extension .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  called   a
truth:  unload   unload

test:  return all security group rule for a given group rule .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  associate   security
truth:  rules   rules

test:  returns influence times .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   influence

test:  write a file to remote machine via daemontools .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   create
truth:  write   null

test:  test that the fit can be updated with jacobian constraints .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list all of the keys for a user .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  command   parse
truth:  set   up

test:  returns the number of groups that are present in the specified range .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup test environment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  create   testenvironment
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  find in code object in a ctypes fashion .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  load   in
truth:  find   find

test:  return a random shear .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  carves up a tuple into its component component .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  run the composition w/ command .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   test
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   crud

test:  add allocated_id to the database .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   section
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: copyartifact-build-selector publish builds on build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:release plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  expr   null
truth:  atom   atom

test:  function to print html objects .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the current redirect to the given language code .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  recursively resolve the given object and all the internals .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  proxy method to login when the user id has completed .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  create a list of all files on the incron .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  create a cloudpipe .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make an test filename .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns the most recently token in the list .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  return   return

test:  patch 2d patch operations on a [rss] .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the virtualnics configuration file config .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  parse   one
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing timing methods or errors for public methods in swifts methods as the decorated view .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a hash digest string .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  get   md5

test:  send http request to all of the connected events in an osx .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  request   changes
truth:  receive   messages

test:  this function checks if there are the same .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  check   a
truth:  given   a

test:  set the warning size of the app .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  simplified   set
truth:  set   set

test:  encoder using the receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  function   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a classmethod for a class by filling out of some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns true if all the server already in the production environment .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  start   start
truth:  trigger   a

test:  clip the values of an array so that the value can be the appropriate character .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  erase   val
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the type name .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a method that just checks the correct messages .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  indent the line with a given line .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  expand   equivalent
truth:  return   return

test:  displays timeline in a user .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  list   view
truth:  display   users

test:  parse the ipv4 address string .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  if   check

test:  match a query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  determine   crud
truth:  match   match

test:  register a function into a function .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the value of the jacobi symbol where both a and a1 are positive integers .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   symbol

test:  get remote method object from method name .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  remote   remote

test:  the basic call for the migrations .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get a list of emails to load emails .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  export   a
truth:  null   version

test:  parse a __new__ like <ctrl-x> or cascading into a python data structure .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  parse   filters
truth:  null   a

test:  create a heatmap record in values .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the minimum of the strings of a function .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  given   a

test:  verifies that the settings in django settings are implemented and that the user backends processors to django .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  validates   context
truth:  project   project

test:  get default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  this function does nothing to download the db format that was previously done in the configuration .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  setuptools   values
truth:  download   download

test:  returns tuple with version information summary .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse kinds and sizes .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  updates   attempt
truth:  parses   parses

test:  perform multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   multiple
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns a string for a urllib2 field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  like   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for python 2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  creates a storage object from dictionary .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the maximum size of the graph g .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  normalized   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the jinja environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return configuration config file name .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  safely decodes obj to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  to   obj
truth:  null   helper

test:  try to lookup a string value .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   try

test:  helper for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  null   lines
truth:  takes   null

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  null   check
truth:  to   check

test:  load a description of the text .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given an elastic elastic url .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  return   return

test:  parses timeseries from a timeseries file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  make a formats of a list of :class:path .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete an user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  return a front with the generalized hypervolume of the individual .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  calculates   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  normalizes a string of the phone number .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  set a user subscription on a token .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check that the __init__ version is an undirected location .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  if   return
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test that filtfilt .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that the views work in the altaz [0 .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  test   mark
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   check
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  eat return the signature name .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  return   get
truth:  given   null

test:  given a polygon object for teams it as a list of teams for it .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  given   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert apostrophe characters character with spaces .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  convert   request
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  given a vm object .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  fetch   task
truth:  use   use

test:  this creates a new security certificate for configuration .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  sets   gl
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators algorithm from k0 .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   matching
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  create a log folder for tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a certificate from the given store name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  deletes   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  collapse any permalink methods leftmost in the method .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   method
truth:  add   add

test:  require the afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   fixture
truth:  require   null

test:  shifted func .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  function   apply
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  connect to a single cms-signed and authenticate if p .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  plot ccpr results in a modbus curve .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   update
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  add a custom event url to a http event .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  adds   function
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test the fetch .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  retrieve   unicode
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure that the schemas schemas arent sane .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  import   import

test:  generate a dense numpy array to the given segment .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  evaluate   create
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   routes
truth:  processes   processes

test:  finds the repository portion of the given repo .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a certificate has passing status .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  if   return
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if address is a valid address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  return   return

test:  old style stack .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  tasks assigned to current user .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  null   view
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of all updates that have been above to begin under the accepted environments .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  ensures that the model can be used as the test model .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  elementwise entropy of a b-spline .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  sum   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check a string .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  check   function
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  query   query

test:  helper to return the platform string in the filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a random id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that the tpotclassifier features outputs a fixed pipeline exists .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for the pdf .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split the list into a list of sub lists .
truth: take a token . 
test:  split   a
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of the ntp peers that apply the given ntp peers .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  files   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return list of pairs of bounds .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  read bti pdf matrix from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   64bit

test:  check if prereg difference has prereg page .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  null   null
truth:  landing   page

test:  cleans up a string of spaces in text .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  null   like
truth:  given   a

test:  parse headers from netntlm into numpy .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   check
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves results to a file .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  write   null
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  execute a command .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  list all containers in the account .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a datastore datastore key just returns a datastore datastore key .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set log of the fspecial conf at the absolute truncate parameters alpha : float the absolute deviation of the residual of the huge case .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses a hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  conditionally decodes a single element from a vhds .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  executes a simulated crossover on an individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  this method updates cart shoppingcart .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  return   request
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the given address in the account .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure that the shortest model extension .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the footer of a footer .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  to   null
truth:  append   a

test:  return the correct name for a given string .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  null   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  computes the circular variance of the standard deviation of the given axis .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the 3-regular graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   method
truth:  write   null

test:  determine if the node has a line of a next node .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  in-neck pattern .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   star

test:  switch master to master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   nodes
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  retrieve spider loader for a given spider .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  temporarily delete any config item of supported; that is changed .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  require   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  like _varintdecoder() but decodes the variable varint value from a varint and decodes it .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  encode   a

test:  returns the metadata of the metadata as a directory .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  determine   release
truth:  check   check

test:  validates for payload in string .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  see   a
truth:  to   function

test:  select oids to oid from oid .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns a dict with a provider and grading that has a an array of subsection .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix returns the elementwise product of a and mul .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a bucket to a bucket .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  append the source source to a fif file .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  files   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a pipe segment between the pipe and the next string .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this wrapper implements a script or a starting progress .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  command   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  helper function to create a single batch in this caller .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  render   compare
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function for quickly getting a new wxpython 'pox' .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  null   a
truth:  launch   launch

test:  try to add an propstat xml element from the collection of a path .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   view
truth:  read   read

test:  computes multivariate coefficient of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  locate   returns
truth:  implements   implements

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  initiate a default retryparams .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  return a list of networks that the network was protected by the given network .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  serve static textbooks .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  display   null
truth:  display   display

test:  loads to load the directories in a smartos manner .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   openssl

test:  set the value of the page and save it in the page .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets an album candidates for an album .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  truncates   return
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  returns the comment comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  null   return
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator for running methods .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the hash of a file in the following directory .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update the selected command .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  run   a
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if the process is in the same process .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  finds   checks
truth:  name   name

test:  change the current user and group redirects to a user/group user .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  change   patches
truth:  patch   patch

test:  remove all dashboard for the specified user from a user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  control   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test the model arguments for a model .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  test   a
truth:  try   try

test:  decorator that checks the mime type of the request .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  djangos   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test a socket function: function: the telnet telnet .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  establish   tests
truth:  return   a

test:  concatenate conditioning vector as axis=0 or " objects .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the intersection of all ips on the given compute node .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute the exploration summary of the given exploration summary .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  modified   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a valid elements string .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parse   attributes
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data as android .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   xml
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  sets a user has access to an image .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   api

test:  split the list of whitespace and return a string representing the first item in whitespace .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as the variable or tensor .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates java file .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  main entry point .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  usage   graph
truth:  run   example

test:  test url when a local url is fully local .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   test
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the keystone user is absent name the name of the host to remove host the host of the host to remove .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  sends a call to the pattern .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation build .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create the spider object for the given spider .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   function
truth:  create   a

test:  determine whether the specified kernel module is installed cli example: .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  if   return
truth:  open   open

test:  pull localizable strings from transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  extract   build
truth:  source   source

test:  gets the number of national type for a specific region .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculate checksum for a specified value .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  index   dict
truth:  calculates   null

test:  a generator that removes all spaces in a text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  null   a

test:  parse time in the specified format .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  null   basestring
truth:  return   return

test:  return a numpy array of the elements of the indexes axes .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing a table columns columns in fill_values should only replace matching columns or incomplete .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  use the given flow to verify the flow order .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  if   check

test:  parse a set-like header into a tuple with the parsed private key .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  computes the balanced accuracy of a directed class .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  edge   setup
truth:  default   default

test:  converts a path to unicode string .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  null   string
truth:  returns   a

test:  sentry word2vec to overriding cw .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  converts   control
truth:  convert   nt

test:  returns a list of names of all chain names for a given id .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  create   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new theano shared shared shared shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that all continue errors are executed when collection of collection errors occur when the --continue-on-collection-errors flag .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns true if the object is an instance of a mapper .
truth: given an object . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  given   null

test:  check if or not user has cart cart processor processor processor processor .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  check   user
truth:  if   checks

test:  check if node is known to load balancer .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  run   implementation
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the current transaction status is mutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a posix timestamp to a python object .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the matrix in the list of entries in the matrix .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  get   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  perform fasta file fastq to fasta .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  puts a file .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  log   method
truth:  null   method

test:  compute the minimum moment moments for a given order .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that the desired datasets in the cluster when it is small .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  projects an allowed urls that has a fully qualified urls .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  register namespace_handler to be able to use for convention: convention: .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  null   return
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture to get/create a topic forum .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  move   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the swiss public binary sensor .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  returns an convert id to seqs .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  return   parameters
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  generate a 1-d array from an array with values from our array .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  close   dask
truth:  return   num

test:  creates a trakt option to get the server health and codes .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  access   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator: generate a test method .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  generate   a

test:  benchmark performances of sequences .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  null   throughput

test:  iterate a function describing corpus .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  runs windows .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  flask   flask
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  model update steps .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  count   update
truth:  are   models

test:  returns a form to be used in any additional hmac fields .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return all start of the status of a given cpuinfo .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  get   flag
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a app from the app .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get a resource or raise if it does not exist .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  test that globals reads globals correctly .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this decorator is called to validate the decorated function or classes .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate eip .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  test   gateway
truth:  null   vpc

test:  tests that mutating a column with invalid operands .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds user permission to user with given user .
truth: add user default . 
test:  adds   default
truth:  add   user

test:  returns the current kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get event logging for intended .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  to   view
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  create a new widgets widgets .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  issue   enable
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see responses .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  return the immediate children of the given uuid .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the status group by a group .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  get   notification
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  it verifies the scenario .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  pull   test
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes the circular variance of the normal distribution .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse the list of dependencies from a string of mldata vectors .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   data

test:  returns a list of python ids .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a fake dataset .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the number of inter-community n .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  m   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  registers a hosting service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  register   a

test:  different version of flipping .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  landing view for the admin asynchronous error .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  null   render
truth:  null   a

test:  find the nodes in the page with page matches the text .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  find   a
truth:  using   null

test:  clears the user info cookie from the datastore .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  return a list of all the objects found on the constants .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  list   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  convert a dictionary of label into an appropriate label string .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this function converts a report to a f between courseware and the format .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  run a command .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  to   platform
truth:  code   code

test:  writes a stream to a file .
truth: like write . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  builds the operations adding a campaign criterion to a campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  open a file in read from an mime log file .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   open

test:  instantiates a warning extension .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  prepare   user
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone of a path .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  send user to registered context .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  close   a
truth:  null   null

test:  waits until the predicate has eventlet to be eventlet .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  call   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  create a uuid from multi-dimensional data into its uuid .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  converts   request
truth:  convert   a

test:  write pid to the pid .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  register   config
truth:  create   a

test:  return all possible pairs of the branches .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  null   truncate
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists wiki documents .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the file or directory of a group .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the xdg cache directory .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return information on a specified domain cli examples: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   information
truth:  report   report

test:  combine multiple ngram ngram using the loops .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  remote   attributes
truth:  null   null

test:  apply to request to request and return the list of field names .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  null   handles
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a set item .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns a number formatted according to places in places order .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  fileformat   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  to stop/power off a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  ensure that exactly count matching any state check_required containers matching containers .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  stop   stop

test:  change the system state cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  initialize   reload
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get the value from the registry name .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  null   server
truth:  get   a

test:  get the real dialog of games into games list of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  null   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  returns true if the list of bits is a valid netmask .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return true if the function is a axerror generator function .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  render configuration from the test forms directory .
truth: render config template . 
test:  build   render
truth:  config   config

test:  retrieve the backend for a backend to use in the base classes .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  get   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return a block that can be used to provide results .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the template limit .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  checks   emails
truth:  limit   limit

test:  test fortran-style with a decimal decimal decimal decimal .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the folders which must be created by the command .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  build an option instance from wire .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  build   build

test:  serve protected thumbnail .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   file
truth:  protected   null

test:  fill in file .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  raises   create
truth:  function   function

test:  make sure the using monitor is actually being used .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  show   up
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an etree queue entry to a queue queue .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   entry

test:  return the raw article .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  retrieve   function
truth:  get   get

test:  set the warning verbose .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return python version of x .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  if   null

test:  crash crash matches .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  provides   strip
truth:  is   segment

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  train model classes in features .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  classify   training
truth:  do   one

test:  splits a mime type into a tuple .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   mime

test:  docstring for methods that use the tests to support http options .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   options
truth:  creates   a

test:  return all snapshots belonging to a project .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   volumes
truth:  return   backups

test:  computes the approximate variance of the standard normal distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  checks if the given version of the given version or version .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  check   versions
truth:  set   a

test:  reset the database .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  executes   null

test:  create a peers for a gcc test .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return available linode locations .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  concatenate relu .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   sets
truth:  rectified   null

test:  this function takes one image description and returns a dict of image description .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update a new host password for a specified host or list of host_names .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  copy the extras data and create a configuration directory .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the current reporter .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  return   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format money amount according to locale settings .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the cli cli portion to launch the cli portion of the cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  calculate swirl range of image .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  calculate   images
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the requirements requirements .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  add paths to recursively list .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a protobuf protobuf for a protobuf .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the network attach config spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  find the fact that start with the activated returns .
truth: print returns . 
test:  receives   attempt
truth:  returns   returns

test:  cgroups cgroups utility .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   test

test:  matches a dict with keys of json .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  like   a
truth:  return   return

test:  splits a url or a path .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  return   return

test:  updates resolved metadata .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   photos
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with negative signs .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load the certificate from a given certificate .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   backend
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return list of modules configured to load balancer modules .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  does   null

test:  converts a value to an integer according to the locale settings .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  skips   null
truth:  default   default

test:  returns an ajax handler for the given state .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  null   null
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  normalized mutual info between clusterings and clusters .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  write the given zip file as a l{unicode} list .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  replace   function
truth:  write   version

test:  calculate the elementwise sphere .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  test   helper
truth:  do   null

test:  get a list of files or membase files from sensor .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  to   set
truth:  returns   a

test:  invalid arguments disassociate bogus address .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  block callback to generate an answer query .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  show   a
truth:  use   use

test:  efficiently compute the repetition of f .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the bound of a specified value .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  correlation   matrix
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler set ansi build for promotion .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gets a list of command names and their interfaces .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   list
truth:  gets   null

test:  nannumel -> int return the layouts of a numpy array .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  like   function
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine if the cryptovariables of an image .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  is   elementwise
truth:  compares   null

test:  gethostbyname -> address resolve the maximum number of seconds .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a list of datacenters that are available for the given instance .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   decorator
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  return a string representing the scheme .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   a
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  elementwise sign function .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  used   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the program is set correctly .
truth: gui test . 
test:  make   file
truth:  test   test

test:  return the location to use by the vms .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a floatingip floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  given a rule .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  simplified   a
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deletes a new floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the instance from the specified provider .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   details

test:  check if an crypto module is available on the system .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable python stream depending on python 3 .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  like   topics
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a group from an array by type name .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  name   method
truth:  get   get

test:  return a usable connection names for the given eps .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a version of filesystem that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  about sim table metadata keyed by each sample metadata metadata is a dictionary keyed by classic than the sim api sample metadata keyed by optimize optimize .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  function   otu
truth:  make   n

test:  collect list of files in a target directory .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  function   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  add a users user cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  make sure a string is utf8 or unicode string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a string for use in a cookie header .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a user on the database .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  authorize network ingress from ec2 .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  cache   network
truth:  authorize   network

test:  stack tool tool tool tool tip format .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  widget   override
truth:  null   helper

test:  sort a list of tasks by name .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   lx

test:  returns a datetime object indicating when an authorization date should expire .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   timezone

test:  count the number of eigenvalues eigenvalues of each element in place .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  see   images
truth:  null   null

test:  tests that translated field supports migration fields .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  are   tests
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  make markdown extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  make   coordinates
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: gatling execute a build for promotion .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the tikteck lights .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this view returns the ip address contained in the payment file .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  ip   api
truth:  ip   ip

test:  equivalent to @python_2_unicode_compatible .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  returns   object
truth:  get   get

test:  context manager to create a secure dump .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  null   serialization

test:  check if the given survey is in the survey that is required .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  skip a *kwargs api in the list of position .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for running tests .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  function   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a time zone associated with a given zone .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  get   return
truth:  compares   null

test:  gmail gmail .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  check   test
truth:  null   contributors

test:  generate an array with a start and dtype within it .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index owned by current user .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  list the packages available for the via pythons randomsymbols .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  list   int
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clean up the container rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   temporary
truth:  clean   up

test:  view function getting out .
truth: log out . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  log   log

test:  release media instance in media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  get   media
truth:  index   index

test:  reformat an array to the integer array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  asks   null
truth:  array   array

test:  checks if the request is a role and returns true if global or false .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that given db'] is absent name the name of the database to remove name the db'] db of the database to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of review members .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  return true if the specified interface is a default interface .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  close the http client for the http client .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  file   a
truth:  saves   null

test:  display a local help action .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  show   null
truth:  print   information

test:  retrieve information about the current resource formats .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that columns can be instantiated .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  converts any object to a datetime .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the configured rackspace driver driver .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of all available ranfunc modules .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  insert an iterator into multiple sub lists .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  value   value

test:  yield subdirectories of the message .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  content   a
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return the info for a specific package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  package   information
truth:  package   package

test:  take a list of variables .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  like   replacement
truth:  gives   null

test:  deprecated modules with a timeout heirarchy cli example: .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  complete   a
truth:  set   up

test:  setsubtensor -> sparseblockouter .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  null   dfs
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  displays whether or off the computer will be disabled when the x serve enclosure power is on power .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  run a list of tuples .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  run   start
truth:  handle   osx

test:  create an imageproperty instance of parameter .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a python command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  ip   matching
truth:  ip   ip

test:  generate a url at which a request for oauth request key .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  url   build
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  load the sdk class .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator to check the field passed into the expected arguments .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  checks   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  signal that all pending lookups of the given message have been pending action .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  retrieve a context from a context .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   in

test:  returns the version of the server .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   version

test:  find the current window .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sort keys of dict and return dict of keys .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  format dates parameters format: : string or integer format spec .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  call a function or a callback with a thing .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   thing

test:  marks a dictionary as a dictionary that doesnt do anything .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  return a list of all package names .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  null   null
truth:  place   place

test:  check for nova docstring start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke an ec2 cache security group cli example to a cache security security .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   a
truth:  revoke   network

test:  error around error .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  error   error
truth:  null   something

test:  determines if user wants to access a given request .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns rank for ros group .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  convert   youku
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure the cookiecutter can be updated when the cookiecutter input is not used .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  used   check
truth:  call   call

test:  returns the last line of a given string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  algorithm   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a computenode from the values dictionary .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the vdi of the users other configuration .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation without dynamic .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  check if a disk disk disk .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  test line stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   logarithmic
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  ols duration on the sqlite format .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   lhs

test:  read a twoline table with data .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   read
truth:  test   failure

test:  gets a packed packed string .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  get   logger
truth:  null   row

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if the node has previously set .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a description for a given phonenumber .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts part of symbols from step .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  execute sql sql query from database .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a broadcast number to a number .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  return the url of the given url .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   url
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  monitor the operation of a server .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   monitor
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  convenience method works on string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get namespace attributes whose attributes are the given attributes .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  get   null
truth:  string   string

test:  evaluate the drag distance .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  executing   a
truth:  return   return

test:  delete the named group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   usage
truth:  remove   a

test:  list network interfaces .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  represent an address as a packed network packed .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  returns an instance of :class:sessionstore from the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test induced fail to merging the declaration according to exception .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   metadata
truth:  test   test

test:  orderline -> x .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  null   close
truth:  fill   fill

test:  create a figure .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  build and return its extensions if it has a .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  import   null
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get functioning from prefix and xml element .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a hash of random algorithm .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  remove a pool from specified pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a list of local data from a repo .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of test tests from a given pattern .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  null   a
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   assert_is
truth:  fake   fake

test:  returns the version of the commit itself .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  does   version
truth:  get   get

test:  remove an instance ami from a given instance .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns a serialization statement for the implementation: type .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   individual
truth:  test   core

test:  returns the variance-covariance of height logbase .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   information

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   provisions
truth:  null   provisions

test:  salt token using salt tool .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  if   null

test:  parse and return information from file .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the backup metadata for the given volume .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  import   a
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the request level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return weeks as days .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   real
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches the message of the given thread .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  retrieve true if any of the place excluded from the given settings excluded .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  returns a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  tests that multi archive archive can be ready to complete .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  find   null
truth:  finding   finding

test:  rename a lineage lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  propagates   change
truth:  rename   rename

test:  test a simple directory where the print print within a directory or directories .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   a
truth:  bind   bind

test:  converts an index to a protocol buffer .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  index   parents
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on data .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  determine if a class has a known instance .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  prints a list of all attachments .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a json json data role for the given br .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if an vlan interface exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  edit config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  run   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns the current annotations .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if the given absolute path is a python source file .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  import   import

test:  create a new snapshot of a given repo .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  to   a
truth:  build   build

test:  calculates the value of the symmetric prime number .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check the status of a http error .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   return

test:  set the filters filter .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  by a directory for use by a sub fixture by by only here to run in a sub directory .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  load   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return true if val looks like a uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   validation

test:  parses the string as a boolean .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a value for name from the master .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  updates   return
truth:  explode   null

test:  retrieve a list of managed managed servers .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  parse the expression .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a filedigest chart using :class:barbuilder chart .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  sleep   a
truth:  create   a

test:  displays all variables in an dictionary .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set a media_player handler where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change autopostprocessor transaction of negative frequency .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  ensure that unicode keys can accept a unicode string .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a crop crop of the crop corner .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  given   null

test:  creates a field between models in models .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  value   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the optimized routes .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  given   filters

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  tests that cdata is built correctly .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  skips   null
truth:  if   self

test:  this method is called to run in a mapped environment .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  configures   max
truth:  time   time

test:  create a new tag tag tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in the dev_appserver .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  confirmation confirmation request .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  send   send
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  show all the figures and enter the cocoa mainloop this should be done .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  returns true if the number is alpha .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the parent pid of the given pid .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  get   a
truth:  is   null

test:  creates a new graph from an adjacency matrix given as a biadjacency matrix .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  utility for __init__ .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  return   a

test:  generates a random sentence-like string .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  just check that pydotprint does not crash with long .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  check   unicode
truth:  is   null

test:  extracts environment variables from xml .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempts to find all rules in the cluster hierarchy .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  create   null
truth:  to   null

test:  gets the date from the str .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  gets   date

test:  return list of cpg .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  list   function
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the line number of a transaction as a matrix .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  get   function
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the path of the buffer .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  try to determine if a suffix has more than once .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  run psea .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   development
truth:  run   run

test:  return the temporary directory that contains no html between image and disk_list .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   node
truth:  like   node

test:  view the filters to wrap something .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  assigns   up
truth:  configures   configures

test:  execute command .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the system repositories that is loaded in the gpg .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   a

test:  normalizes a string from one document tree with a base class .
truth: like zip . 
test:  make   a
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  return the resource path .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a size in bytes into bytes .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   partition

test:  generate one or more files in the given list of files .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  run   policy
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return true if the dashboard with the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears a single layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns true if any of the given array contains any of the fields .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this should be moved to detect logging .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  load   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively convert a string of a byte string into an object that represents a unicode object .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  object   object

test:  accumulate a new metric .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   up

test:  search for keywords in a fits file .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  filter the list of files starting with the given types .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  filter   filters
truth:  filter   a

test:  loads the data as a tuple .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  load   data
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  modify an import tree in a package .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  compares   headers
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test efficient surface by structure .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging for the program .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  logging   sync
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  to   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  return a formatted time in milliseconds .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  remove the invert invert .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return a list of images representing the specified imagedata level .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  import a key in the same format .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  finds elements in only one or the other other .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   uses
truth:  finds   elements

test:  return true if the metadata_url status is not not not success .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  update   update
truth:  keep   null

test:  open root of the repository dialog .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse raw headers and return the status header as a dict with the given http instance .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  get   header
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  read media file and return its contents as a project .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  read   read
truth:  reads   a

test:  return the directory path to the executable .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  null   n
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   load
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: heavy-job start event text for trend .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  formats a value into a human readable format .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a chisquare that the observed observed test the managing of the observed function that the observed frequencies .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  pick   relation
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the dte sensor .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   fritz!box
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the clickable at the specified index .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  null   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  return a list of characters .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  calculate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  add a function to the list of dictionaries .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the path to the given directory in the given directory .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  given   find
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an a6 record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  backwards-compatibility a security group from its name .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   a
truth:  clones   clones

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  require   a

test:  decorator to ensure that a editor is being run .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  collect and send a socket from a given instance .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  fetch python interpreter was this .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  change   run
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates multiple options to attach to their default options .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a dynamic test that the keys in <2 .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  using   test
truth:  test   test

test:  like dict .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  plots   null
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with a raised cosine distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse the tag from a string to a multiple of a tag .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  convert   a

test:  show services about services .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  run   run
truth:  check   check

test:  return the index object for given language .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  source   return
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for get word from html syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that the current page of plugin correctly .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  computes   like
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  return the job id .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate a single 63 for a document .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  return   rows
truth:  check   reference

test:  returns an extension code .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  removes   gcode
truth:  unregister   null

test:  parse a string replacing replacing replacing the network configuration is none or none .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  routing   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  create a editor in the local caller file .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  save   update
truth:  called   null

test:  execute queries against the target url and return the result as a string .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  wrap   logs
truth:  read   pillar

test:  return the vpn status cli example: .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  get   xor
truth:  gets   current

test:  generate a random chunk of the points in a dataset .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  check   indices
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the version to display for the latest version .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a standard html object .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  content   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   mark
truth:  mark   mark

test:  returns the source file .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  caches   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  extract the loops from a vector3 command .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  required   get
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty bucket .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  listing   listing
truth:  listing   listing

test:  adds a handler for the given logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   handler
truth:  add   a

test:  run a given package in a given package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  return details about all elasticache table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  return   details
truth:  describe   a

test:  only load if csf exists on the system .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  release a list of available audio output devices .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   a
truth:  frees   null

test:  returns a value from the factory of the specified key .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename or a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that user contacts without acls an acls acl .
truth: check acls . 
test:  if   mark
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the communicability communicability of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypt the aes ciphertext .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypts   null
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when cabal-install is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check whether options is a username/password of options .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  determine   options
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parses a property property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  run pending blueprint pending connection .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  sample   map
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  tell code to render source code .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  creates   a

test:  main function .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if we can generate a controlampservice device in the web at exit .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  to   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  replace the docstring with the docstring .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  gets the list of facebook connections associated with the given user_id .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  runs   iterator
truth:  gets   null

test:  set quota usage usage dirty for a resource and multiple usage .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   data
truth:  set   resource

test:  return true if virtualenv can be executed .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   hypothesis
truth:  tag   tag

test:  generate a polynomial in k[x_{p(1)} .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  memset --> /path .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  call   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  returns a intersection intersection file from a given dataset .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  build   information
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the polygon under which the given graph .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  return   handle
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator to decorate methods in self .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return file-like object of network-byte file .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  generate random word .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  convert an rgb shape to a one-hot tuple .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  return   shape

test:  complete complete users 404 .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  display   a
truth:  to   null

test:  keys and shows the given job to see :func:_access_rule .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  function   message
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parses a soap enveloped tree .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  make sure app is not running .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  add fake fake blueprints to the python applications instance .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  remove reads of list elements from lst .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot gpu_from_host -> gpudot .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  emit   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  counts the number of elements in an iterator .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   counts
truth:  count   count

test:  get the harris points that differ between the coordinate coordinate .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   feature
truth:  return   corners

test:  returns true if the request is ratelimited .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  used   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  flatten a nested metadata dictionary .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return version of module .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  module   module

test:  return event to use in event connection .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  display a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  password   password
truth:  create   a

test:  generate the given file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  display a list of items .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  link to a user role by a course .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  null   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the home assistant server manager .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   standard
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails requires the jenkins scan-build plugin <slack+plugin> when build step requires the jenkins scan-build plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a user from the vm .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  threaded threaded data to open file .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  check that the python version of python interpreter .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  compute the collection summary of the submit summary of the given snapshots summary .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  modified   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  test on directory lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the devices sensors .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  this page is used to generate a variety of the client .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  loads a file from a file .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return the current active window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   decodes
truth:  return   return

test:  if the user auth classes .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  logs a resource quality .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   history

test:  converts from hex string to rgb .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  to   function
truth:  change   a

test:  create a new compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  import   partitions
truth:  generate   generate

test:  perform no exceptions .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  test   null
truth:  exception   exception

test:  checks integrity of picks .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  input   function
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  waits for the element to become a new element .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  return   waits
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the path to the been generated in the project tree .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if namespace doesnt exist .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  iterate over genbank formatted entries as a single string .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   format
truth:  breaks   up

test:  return the luhn card of the number of fractional characters .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  use   a
truth:  test   test

test:  select an inventory from a zip file .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  select   null
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  mock function to mock py_name .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  import   a
truth:  function   function

test:  fake function to escape the elements in django < 1 .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  safely escapes a string with ampersands in double quotes .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  text   a
truth:  null   something

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator doesnt exist .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  encode   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  normalizes a string of the user header .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  return   handle
truth:  return   return

test:  create a virtual network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  show image with an array of list of labels .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  show   image

test:  display the schema version .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  request   block
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a python string name in the given name .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   certificates
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test that an issue is a list of node ids .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  see   null

test:  opens a protocol text from the given node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  text   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  use imports in especially .
truth: internal function . 
test:  connect   a
truth:  function   function

test:  create a dict of quote: from an object .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  load   method
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a source from the system .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  add   chocolatey
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  perform a mesh .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  create   values
truth:  correct   correct

test:  retrieve a notebook with the given notebook .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  output   call
truth:  configure   configure

test:  check if python module has the given package .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  null   convenience
truth:  if   checks

test:  provides or comment admin comment admin .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  see   attributes
truth:  return   return

test:  render django template into django .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  render   render
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  sets the logging verbosity .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  function receives a product of positional arguments .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  set the hostname for the tenant service .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  delete a vpc peering connection from a security name cli example salt connection .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  validates configurations for conversion compatible metric .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  validate   cache
truth:  null   validation

test:  this method is called after the test runs when it gets called .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  needs   null

test:  find occurrences of a given project .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the reference to a given repository .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  return   open
truth:  git   git

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  forces   loop
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list all permissions in a cassandra cluster args: keyspace : the permissions to list the user in .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   resource
truth:  list   permissions

test:  checks if folder folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a range header .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the fraction of the array is always split .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a volume name to a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  input   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  construct an appropriate warning with a passed pattern .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  null   null
truth:  identify   values

test:  this widget add a dashboard to the dashboard .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  content   null
truth:  add   a

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   float64
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   categories

test:  clean up the unicode string in a <script> safe way to a stream .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  setup command line args to be set .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  command   argument
truth:  setup   argument

test:  returns true if string looks like a python string .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  fake   fake

test:  remove the locks of this node .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  cleanup   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the number of total_seconds .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  computes   regression
truth:  signal   signal

test:  retrieve a data code which will be any additional data character .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  return   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: heavy-job execute exclusion .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   emails
truth:  null   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : expression %prec expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator that checks if a user_id is fully registered .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  makes a relative path .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a hex color string to a color color .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  hex   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  get the import device name .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sends a client using the specified event .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   a
truth:  email   email

test:  join the given word with the given arguments and returns a single string .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  join   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the repository for a repo .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  place   null
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively convert string keys in serializable format to serializable .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return the intersection graph with redirection digraph .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of documents that apply to passed in topics and products .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of bricks normalization normalization on the given graph .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  get   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  create an xml tree from the given string .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  train a model class .
truth: train model . 
test:  model   send
truth:  model   model

test:  service via sale to communication .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  export   a
truth:  read   a

test:  automatically do the answer fire .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  used   data
truth:  fire   fire

test:  return numpy array of length args for the first element in args .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  null   return
truth:  constructs   a

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   logs
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  returns api relationship list of api types .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  return   api
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  given   a
truth:  list   list

test:  recursively return a list of dicts .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  joins   a

test:  get a lexer code for a lexer .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  code   code

test:  return the latest version of the named package .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the primary keys of an primary key .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the generator specific to use as a specific set of parameters that have been automatically applied to test the feature .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all database statements .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator that logs a implements implements a task .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a userrpc to get the number of instances on the module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  a simple view that returns the request data in the context .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  view   example
truth:  null   a

test:  build a test harness: harness: .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  run   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  check that the value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a new activities dashboard .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add a list of paths to sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  convert   use
truth:  specified   null

test:  get the complex .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a warning without pipes .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  test   run
truth:  calls   calls

test:  validates that the flags are present .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  check   check

test:  shuts down the server .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  trivial   null
truth:  null   null

test:  elementwise millions function .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  null   approximation
truth:  null   null

test:  converts basestring objects to unicode strings .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  basestring   string
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the data to a usable format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  transforms the output of parse() into a human-readable string .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  updates   send
truth:  signal   signal

test:  search for all packages .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  search   search
truth:  gather   details

test:  calls theorem .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns true if a is a b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  note   in

test:  adapt a chart data structure or none): data into a string .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  adapt   data

test:  baremetal command .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  dictionary   test
truth:  null   contributors

test:  test unicode dups .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  require the git repository to be the process .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  given   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process telnet test cases using telnet test .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  given a command .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  to   list
truth:  match   match

test:  *figure* and sends an multipart cookie .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  -   -

test:  test that evaluation report report .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   addition
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  check if the name is valid .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  use a class to configures pure .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  log   log

test:  return the profile profile .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  fetch   redirect
truth:  get   a

test:  write 1e6 units at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   one

test:  return an iterable of unique nn from positions .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a tax_percentage code or place to a simple exception .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  tell   exception
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  check that rbenv is installed or installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare indices to ordered .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  like   compare
truth:  ordered   null

test:  helper to fetch from a destination .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  download   download

test:  show all the rows for given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  handles empty and sort values for sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  empty   handles
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   builder

test:  find the index of the maximum triangles .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  algorithm   filters
truth:  null   permutations

test:  gets the data from a emr wiki revision .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  parse the ground combine .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  blocks   compute
truth:  produce   a

test:  returns a calculators source string .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  calculates   create
truth:  returns   a

test:  clean out the old fileserver configuration from the master .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  records   null
truth:  called   in

test:  create a class instance from a module .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  build   decorator
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  gets   permissions
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet in a vm .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  return user_ids users public activity query for the specified user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  load   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a message with a trailing newline and translated prior to the end of the string .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  text   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a new adderror method .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  print   a
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  formats a task as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  register a process in the local process .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  returns the event transaction id for a given transaction .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  get   sql
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns the content type from the accept header as a dict .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  to   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  get the url for the module .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  copy one or more pathname components to a string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  take   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for labels and return an annotation-list instance .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns the number of antidivisors [1]_ in the list .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  weighted   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to create an xml tree and return dictionary with the values of the values provided .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a commit .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  check if the required dependencies are installed .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: scoverage execute commands documentation .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   clamav
truth:  null   null

test:  return the content of a url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of tuples in the given list of arguments .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  list   list
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  retrieve quota usage until it associated with a given project .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  check   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  return the variables that can be in the graph .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  return   names
truth:  list   list

test:  start recording mode for specified request .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   recording

test:  will remove posts posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  updating   functions
truth:  update   update

test:  this user add a user in case of a user .
truth: create a user . 
test:  command   create
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a configured http compliant script .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the maximum distance between 2 non-singleton arrays and its descendents .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  sort a row element-wise using the given string .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  null   maps
truth:  translate   column

test:  create an image object from the metadata for a given image .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  standard filter app app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the db contents in the db .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  make   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a list of tuples for a specific package .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  grab   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the system id on the ports .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  set   system
truth:  sets   sets

test:  closes out a message .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  start   a
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate through the statements in the command line and decorator .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  encode   function
truth:  null   null

test:  check a message extractors .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  clear whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the value of a components .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  get requests of text -- gets remotely from google cloud storage .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  null   encodings
truth:  null   null

test:  a semi where we want to copy a file or source where each input source -- returns false if a where false does not exist .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copies   values

test:  wrapper to get a brick connector object .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  clean out the directories of a directory .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  cleanup   pid
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  preprocesses a file at url .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  process   process

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create a default signal map from name .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  create   create
truth:  make   null

test:  run a child command on a remote host .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   send
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the order of the string mod .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  find   x
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a unicode path .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  update an db record .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  convert a byte string to an integer .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  retrieve   implementation
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a list of the named colors .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the ith order of the end of the category a to the end of the list .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  counts   count
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the message; singleton function for feature special dacl .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  show a working records of a given records .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  list   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  main function .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test the default values of events .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   filter
truth:  default   default

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that a string contains no whitespaces or syntactic .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  setup the product platform .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  force the table and return the [+-]?d+ name .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  extracts the html from the url and return it .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove runas user to remove runas the user to remove the user under the user to remove
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   in
truth:  make   null

test:  make a plot .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  load   load

test:  get method calls for a method .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to import all the versions of the given module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  determine neighbor to enter o .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  null   number
truth:  return   return

test:  return all manifest in the named web extension .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  gets   filters
truth:  list   resources

test:  validate and parse a oneof validator .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  has   null

test:  publish an event from a serialized text'] level .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  to   keys
truth:  publish   null

test:  create a new consumer .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  to   send
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects logos in the storage cloud storage file located in the file located in the file located in the file .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  report   logos
truth:  detects   logos

test:  computes the dummy function at shape .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  private feature regression regression problem with y features .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  computes   data
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if namespace or property not found .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the amount of nodes currently being supported on the site .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  get   return
truth:  supported   return

test:  converts a string into a numerical .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to get valid gcp credentials from credentials .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  sending   build
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  callback for config .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  launch   back
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get information about a x509 x509 .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy a temporary directory and create its final location .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return the links in the given url as a api .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  url   a
truth:  download   download

test:  parse tal tal tal data .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   xor
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper function to get a list of random data from a location of server .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   custom

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   home

test:  generate sequences sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  list   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  register a python buffer as a list of bytes .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  list   prompt
truth:  given   a

test:  reset the notifications by the current thread .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  takes a dictionary of dicts or dictionary and converts it into a dictionary .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a repository files of readme from the readme defined in the repository hierarchy .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return physical file name the configured process name the file to remove cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  null   process
truth:  display   a

test:  get the leaf chunk for a given cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file logs from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  split a path on a preview or dotted path string .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the image .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   find
truth:  base   base

test:  read a socket of the socket from a socket .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  return   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with an explicit timeout with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  run a wsgi cherry request on many threads .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   windows
truth:  get   get

test:  generate internal wcs from the given string .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  create a user from a group .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  null   a

test:  copy a test file to media .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copies   a

test:  return a position from a string .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  function which will return a command .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send notification event notification .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  send   command
truth:  show   system

test:  link to the bokeh github user in the correct location .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  commit   link
truth:  to   link

test:  creates a temporary directory .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   a

test:  limit the graph between node1 and node2 .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  used   log
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add resource from resource in dstpath .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  parses a product containing the given yaml file .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign _get_conn from the named service .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  for a days .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  download   package
truth:  download   packages

test:  return configuration value for the key specified in the proper environment .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   configuration

test:  return a list of hosts on the system .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the browser widget for a worktree .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  run   set
truth:  return   a

test:  create a pip_list .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  changes the csrf token in csrf .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  rotate   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return the list of author author objects .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  if   null
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  restful crud controller - could normally be used for searching for people by s3siteautocompletewidget .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  link content to the language in the database .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  content   generator
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method to get a step size for a given step size .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  this decorator takes a function and uses it to find the proper process in parallel .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  execute   example
truth:  null   element

test:  create a form that renders a form .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  render   context
truth:  create   a

test:  sort the version string by switch the filtering filtering .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  to   decimal
truth:  manage   paths

test:  retrieves an entity by skill it as the given reference .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   entity

test:  remove a list of the mod['module'] modules .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all the descriptors in the configuration files .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return script script that can be used as a list of choices .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  download and print mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  null   student
truth:  create   create

test:  generator of inverse of a batch of batches .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  chunks   implementation
truth:  splits   x

test:  determine the timedelta for the timedelta .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that the desktop system is tips .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  fix   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create an equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create an instance of a proper instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : expression %prec expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a given model to a search schema for the given model class .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  return patch .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  just a code if one is in one of the known code .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  try to setup the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with version information and return it .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  project notifications view and return git notifications .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  project   notifications

test:  load a module from a file .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  converts a datetime to local time in time zone .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   equivalent
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the number of zeros in the order-k of zeros .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  mask   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  function for returning a function from the system .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert the string name to a function name .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  null   a
truth:  match   match

test:  read llite stats from fastq file .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   osc
truth:  read   read

test:  test evoked data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   fill
truth:  test   test

test:  return an iterable with all python traceback and return it .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   find
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: mask-passwords upload files to include critical jobs .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  scenario#represented should respond with tags from the scenario .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate the given file from a text file .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  call pyyamls checks if interrupt is not interrupt .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  complete   factory
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the leading coeffcient of f in f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   module
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start host interface note: this function creates the host provided by the host database .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   service
truth:  create   new

test:  load the given path from sys .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  name   a
truth:  given   import

test:  test formatting .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verify   header
truth:  verify   user

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  null   headers
truth:  constructs   a

test:  clean up the directory .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a pydot pydot instance from a pydot module .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  connected   source
truth:  create   a

test:  deprecated method .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or int .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  update a supply records for a category .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  null   users
truth:  null   virtual

test:  loads a modules setting from its name .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   world
truth:  load   a

test:  a list of tasks and objects in the list .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get the access token from the "code" file .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a data like data .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the nearest seeds of the iterable x .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert column or "generated into a column name .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check for the _ function we need to check for explicit explicit .
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  remove a file .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  private function that returns a random discrete discrete indices of stochastic images with sparse indices .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  list   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors and q from d and q .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  factors   null
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart the network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  restart   python
truth:  do   null

test:  function of a object .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  check   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set the console buffer to the standard error of the dv/v .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get command to be used .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return the agent settings .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf context .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  get the zookeeper text for the location of the zookeeper location .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  provides   module
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the connected to an error handler .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  error   val
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves the service type from the global service .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   service
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  check if we dont get media .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the a record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  remote   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns localename encoding for given encoding .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  encode a db name in use in a sql query .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   module
truth:  use   in

test:  create a sample from the parent relative component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  detect   create
truth:  function   function

test:  check a cpaste code code code .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  verify   context
truth:  code   code

test:  compute the oauth blocks of a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  null   downloads
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing masked masked masked columns in fill_values should only replace matching masked masked columns or greater .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the given url has a valid cache url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  a helper function to clean it .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the object is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   null
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the comment format .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  use   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the given process is swapping .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  check the configuration .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  ensure   html
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  initialize rnn state .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  return   return

test:  run a node .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  have   a
truth:  to   function

test:  get the file name for the filename .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generator to colors .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  used   adjust
truth:  is   null

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - that encodes the returned object into a dict that is not a com object .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  reconid id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the simplest line from a pipe .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  copied from repoman .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  list   a
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for series and return an annotation-list with a work-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  prints the host and the json reference .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  get   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  convert condition to float .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  test   translate
truth:  value   value

test:  computes the inverse of a matrix .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  computes   implementation
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the user id for a username or none if no user is specified .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  retrieve   try
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  this method ensures that the mime ie contains a larger response .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  this function returns all available boot services cli example: .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates the remote url to remote remote .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   repo
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  is this media player able to use this media player in a video environment .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  start from the file system .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  start   like
truth:  null   helper

test:  print twitter api rate status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  return true if the tree can be equal to equal .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  do   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the signature of a secret .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the grid from a local file .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve all the available cost cost .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the cuda error object based on the cuda error .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   none

test:  returns the xsrf token that can be used for training and standardizing .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  gets   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  a hypothesis function to get the reference to a given reference with the given reference or "icons:basename .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  back up the composition in the correct likelihood .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  if   install
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  generate adu file for file .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  null   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  return the output of the current preferred output .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   sqlobjects
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test the integer calibration .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   calibration

test:  stop all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  stop   stop

test:  ensure that value is a string doesnt exist .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  call   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  checks to see if the post is present .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   things

test:  return the version of the current git country .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  binary binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   scale
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string to a course key .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that asdl asdl values in empty strings are passed .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  returns authentication auth keys .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  authenticate   null
truth:  try   try

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  if   null

test:  update opkg package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   pacman

test:  get the list of users that have permission to update the currently selected in this file .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  and returns a domain representing d1 and d2 and .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of module names from a given module .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reduce an image along the optimal along the given dimension .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  extracts the parameter from the first process that contains the first half of the first successfully .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  report   a
truth:  null   mapper

test:  returns dataset from dset stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  checks if a list looks like a list of types .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   method

test:  format datetime object as a iso8601 formatted str .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  check if we can query the git library .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  if   check
truth:  function   function

test:  fit the least b-spline between the beta x-u|x>u and target .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  cleanup   key
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the file path of all included included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if a users password matches the provided user .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  1: rebulk .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  null   dummy
truth:  null   a

test:  template tag to serve stylesheet based on template .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  uses the knapsack function to calculate the knapsack between values and weights .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  register namespace_handler to be done for this module .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  registers   accept
truth:  register   register

test:  update translations for a site .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  translated   update
truth:  translated   update

test:  converts data types to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  dtype   dtype
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  parses a identifier identifier .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  passes   null

test:  calculate the configuration to use for the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a list of directories to whether each string in the list of directories to be assigned to the names .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   filters
truth:  return   return

test:  function to check the shape of a variable .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  deletes the local cache .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a message to a feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  return the status of the local peers .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an image to true if it is a numpy image .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   update
truth:  convert   convert

test:  creates the serial port spec .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  config   config

test:  fetches all emails to a group .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  return   notification
truth:  is   null

test:  allow other user to decrypt a staff attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a numpy array into a dense numpy array of words .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  load   load
truth:  returns   a

test:  lists all repos in the repo .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  list   filters
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return a list of all tests found in the network client .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  load   load

test:  create a default type of default row/col for a user .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  represent   details
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  like   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  validates event -> listeners .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   helper
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  checks that the user can view the provided natural .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  add the x intersections to the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  computes   add
truth:  add   add

test:  decode a dbkey string .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  backup   like
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  returns the canonical path for a given user .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  resolve   path
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  help -> execute a content-disposition content-disposition .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the known known settings .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  updates the repository in the local repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   logs
truth:  update   update

test:  create a highpass record for a machine .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  tell   send
truth:  send   a

test:  get the latest snapshot of values .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  pick   pick

test:  sort an object and calls .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  given   null
truth:  slices   a

test:  return list of language strings for the given region .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get inset path .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate all qos specs associated with specified qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  return a list of all data that meet data in the organization .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  return   a
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  check to see if the minion has been marked as a string .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  to   check
truth:  perform   null

test:  read preference preference .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  read   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if we have a global device .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  retrieve   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit user to registered their tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   user
truth:  submit   user

test:  this handler is called when the message receives .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  ticketstatus view .
truth: status view . 
test:  control   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of availability availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  return   process
truth:  list   list

test:  yields specified amount of amount .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  pull a collection of admin from the site_query .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  convert iri-normal can be used to tuple .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  describe   null

test:  make sure the javascript message was logged in .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  make   null

test:  tests the fully qualified expressions in a test file .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  test   solve
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   create
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given date value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  update the local module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return all possible values in an iterable .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  null   null
truth:  running   running

test:  calculates an md5 file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  md5sum   agent
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   a

test:  a facebook helper function .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  null   counts
truth:  module   module

test:  return the shell instance for a given shells .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  read user choice from .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  read   read
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  place a database that has been updated into the database .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  place   a
truth:  return   return

test:  if there is a url .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks arrays vertically .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  computes   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger object from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate camelcasenames signatures to camel case .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   camelcasenames
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  converts all datasets in iterables to synchronize .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  return   null
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  only run this state checks on the host .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  to   check
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first item of a sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  filter holiday holiday from holiday holiday .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  if   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  modify the dicts of the config option .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  attempts to stop a machine state by name .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  to   run
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  enables parts of the user .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  null   test
truth:  using   registry

test:  save resources in the cluster to the unclaimed .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  return   default
truth:  clear   null

test:  an empty store that spawns a file and directory .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  create   a

test:  tokenize an attribute .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  parse   helper
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filter a spline filter .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  calculates   output
truth:  null   spline

test:  creates command-line arguments for options .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  make   a
truth:  command   command

test:  retrieves the list of active items from the queue .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  list   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 replaces gpu optimization .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return false if running on the managed server .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  show   show

test:  a version of the string .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  text   string
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  takes a wsgi application .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove a path from the file at the same directory .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  install   directory
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  get the string for a non psed limit .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  make   return
truth:  does   null

test:  convert binary string to nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return time as a string .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  time   object
truth:  return   a

test:  trims a string to be used in a according to the rules of the according to the according to the rules of a string .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return available projects .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fill the defaults in the diagonalization diagonalization diagonalization .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  make   fill
truth:  assuming   a

test:  runs a background process and adds the output to the process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  run   log
truth:  runs   a

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a service object for this minion cli example: .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  show   information
truth:  show   properties

test:  determine the file conf .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  run   a

test:  decorator that use the method in the class decorator .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: description-setter specifies the url scm repository for this job .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   item
truth:  url   url

test:  login to the console .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  use   ports
truth:  point   point

test:  create a slice of ssl ssl ssl dataframe by columns .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return the indentation level .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a list of all the public projects that would exist in permission .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  given a decorator that returns a nested scope as a nested scope .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  apply   decorator
truth:  construct   a

test:  get the environment changes for the supplied environment .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  get   images
truth:  supply   null

test:  get the best match for a given unit .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a given list of files .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  create   create
truth:  call   call

test:  take the client and compile it into the compiler environment .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   tuple
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  if the user does not have a given url .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  pull double-slashes to pull a remote remote file .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  using   create
truth:  pull   pull

test:  joins the announcements for the given params and populates the template context with the static_url setting .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  concatenate concatenate concatenate concatenate keys .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  query the data and private private queries cli examples: .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  hits   queries
truth:  query   a

test:  parse authorization grant header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  maximum absolute maximum .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  use   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  dynamically calculates a key for the sha-1 algorithm .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  compute   h
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return html string indicating that the payment payment payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  parse   add
truth:  signal   signal

test:  expected inclusion_tag_current_app __doc__ .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  list   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  receive a non-blocking until a socket from a url .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  overrides   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  returns true if obj is a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   test

test:  count the maximum likelihood of x .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters or special characters in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  converts a string with a unicode string into an ascii string .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  provides   unicode
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  get the descriptor descriptor .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  read   head

test:  convert a json json list into a list .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the matrix dft .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   discrete

test:  consume advance the iterator .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  advance   a
truth:  consume   null

test:  format as a human-readable string .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  ajax delete .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  if   validate

test:  testing the table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  output   output
truth:  testing   testing

test:  test resample .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a tuple of major minor for the current instance .
truth: returns x . 
test:  checks   version
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns a list of all xblocks that have the available available state for the specified course tree .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  function   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test fill chart rendering with a none serie .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   logarithmic
truth:  fill   fill

test:  get the task status for a given instructortask .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   status

test:  nearest the complex to nearest to use .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  collect   request
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given path has a symlink at the given url resolver .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  to   return
truth:  if   check

test:  this function is require that inequality the inverse of inverse between 0 and b .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  short   return
truth:  null   comparison

test:  instantiate a deferred .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the given file or directory .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start the specified time service cli example: .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  return   start
truth:  start   start

test:  takes a list of pages and returns a random pages .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   a

test:  load an image from a module .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   image

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  null   a

test:  multiply a list representing standard throws .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  find   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a list of the installed python packages in the specified python 2 .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  select   module
truth:  select   a

test:  unpack the files in a list of files .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  files   scroll
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a disk disk to a given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  folders object should be proxies for python object .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  find all keys in an aws expression .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  look   search
truth:  search   a

test:  return a dict mapping all files in a zip zip file .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  files   a
truth:  compress   null

test:  an html proxy method that works with a supplied path .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sessions

test:  returns a list of data objects sorted by the namespace .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  form   form

test:  returns the english article for the word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  list   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns a tuple with the current basic basic auth header .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  retrieve   api
truth:  given   a

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if an apache version is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  if   test

test:  catch exception raised by the monitoring .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  function   function

test:  adds context variables to the context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  context   sets
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using the downhill algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  minimize   a

test:  sets the controls from the controls .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  controls   coordinator
truth:  controls   controls

test:  try to open the projects path .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   install
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given a given activities type .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  null   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  create a new api service with a given cluster .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  solves riccati order differential equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   metadata
truth:  null   null

test:  use pexpect to retrieve show ip int int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  require a setuptools setuptools .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   python
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  performs the first matrix of a hermitian matrix examples .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  execute   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  find the certname associated with a configuration file .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  generate a recursive function at the given key .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  to   request
truth:  return   a

test:  return the volume name .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   one
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  transform a series into a list of all possible chunks .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  evoked   version
truth:  transforms   a

test:  get index index lists .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  get   return
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  gets a list of brew nodes that should be found on a given brew github .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  add   a
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a monitor by id or monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  forced   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure valid utf-8 binary string is valid for utf-8 or unicode string storage .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a valid number for the specified region .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   calls
truth:  gets   a

test:  validate the correct signin code .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  get   null
truth:  -   -

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return path to dhcp on pid .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  return   path

test:  add a logger to newline .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  watch   task
truth:  null   a

test:  the genslices product this is just a predicate .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts the classical ip string to an integer .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  convert time in seconds format to utc format .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  parse   convert
truth:  null   inverse

test:  used to dynamically see if input has been supplied .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  report   null
truth:  report   report

test:  :: :: versions .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  split   null
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: tox execute tox .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   comments
truth:  null   tox

test:  it should extract the scenario names from the scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test a bug matrix from ndarray .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  issue   issue

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  convert   information
truth:  converts   a

test:  return url to async or async .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decode bson bson to bson .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  get   trackinfo
truth:  decode   a

test:  yield what file exists in build .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  verifies   path
truth:  null   helper

test:  show the code of a file located in an hdf5 module .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  show   show
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for python osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  add lightening on negatives .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  free shared lines .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  breaks   lines
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  retrieve all query available for none .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  run   api
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  wrapper for interpolate_tuple .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  to   update
truth:  persist   parser

test:  extends the parameters .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  append   oauth

test:  checks that all files have available for the specified format .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  null   implementation

test:  make sure the datastore is verified from a datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  open svg file .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  to   svg
truth:  open   svg

test:  this method provides a generator of groups from a hg recording that is created when a typeerror of a typeerror .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  takes   install
truth:  null   method

test:  an column has a column that does not return an appropriate column if the column column column .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   triangle
truth:  add   add

test:  fixture to return the mainframe of a readlinebridge .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  lock   fixture
truth:  lock   lock

test:  provide a com object .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns true if a certificate should be a certificate .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks through the possible files in the s3 bucket .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  sort the word where the given word was used internally .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  list   partitions
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up the flow in session .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  alternate shell file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  gets the karma query -- the karma for a karma .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  for a not being able to skip this is called .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  null   null
truth:  m   m

test:  takes a cron file or directory and returns a list of tuples .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  check   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  find mapreduce from current directory .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   directory
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator for notify which is a function or at a smartly .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  iterate over files in the given path .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  received configuration .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  shows   up
truth:  have   null

test:  returns the python shell shell widgets .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function converts a subset of the hash algorithm to the python current_path .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  function   function
truth:  implements   generic

test:  validate the children of replaygain .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   children

test:  runs an interactive python program in running ? .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  run   force
truth:  create   create

test:  generate a file path without os it .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the png embedded image .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of violations random violations on the system .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  function   -
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  marks strings for translation but doesnt translate them now .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  marks the server as the response for the given extras .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  null   create
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  process the xml element .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   process
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find the given path in a wx .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  preprocesses   find
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a generator that returns n nodes of the given list of documents .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clean up the gpu update for the bar .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   memory

test:  setup the events for the bank .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return mongodb connection cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all sm backend config for a given backend .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse validation volume info .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  perform   get
truth:  parse   parse

test:  modifies a view function so we can wrap any page in log .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  to   null
truth:  log   log

test:  return a tuple of markdown strings .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to a database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   database

test:  return rvm version of rvm .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  run   a
truth:  update   rvm

test:  compute ranksums under the submodules of the polynomial of the shop boundary boundary .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect unix streams to a stream .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   bytes
truth:  redirect   a

test:  verify given mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  run a user documentation in a subprocess .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  text   null
truth:  annotate   a

test:  needs a timed exam .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  adds   reverse
truth:  add   in

test:  remove plaintext or host:port of plaintext .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  strip   strip
truth:  strip   strip

test:  atomically atomically atomically atomically original path .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  return superimposition matrix .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   copy
truth:  return   matrix

test:  computes a linear least squares fit for ys as a function of xs .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   equivalent
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  return the tensorflow notebook notebook based on the appropriate notebook .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  display   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns anonymous user instance .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  project   null
truth:  returns   user

test:  imports imports with the given code string .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  url   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  fix the module level .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  change   index
truth:  replace   division

test:  enables decorator for mako .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  add the directory to all directories in dirlist dirlist if 1) 1) dirlist is not in dirlist dirlist dirlist if 1) to true .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return the container container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  list   null
truth:  get   container

test:  convenience function that wraps a rpm api .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  create and return mongo .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  function   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if there is a path on a site .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   variables
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a commit tree to a repository .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  commit   sample
truth:  create   a

test:  compare two equals timestamp and right are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  raises   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a string without the default submits .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  returns   page
truth:  generates   null

test:  helper function to construct the attributes of a given value .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  null   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert a real path name to a directory path .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  item add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  index   move
truth:  null   item

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript form for the given fields .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  given   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  return true iff cook limit are no rate limiting .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  launches   null
truth:  pass   pass

test:  rgb to cie-luv color space conversion .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  null   rgb
truth:  return   rgb

test:  returns true if the given mods has a local word path .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  mount up a remote platform .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  null   json
truth:  try   try

test:  simple helper to handle rsa database creation .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  coordinates   alias
truth:  msg   msg

test:  checks to see if a url is a escaped url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   test

test:  determine true if x is at least one step of three contains_one_of .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  remove   algorithm
truth:  verify   null

test:  verify inheritance doesnt get a inheritance from an op .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the description of a long file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  build   find
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  get the list of disk devices .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  test   multiple
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register trigger definition as action .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  close the c{condition} configuration .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  close   close
truth:  closes   null

test:  register a special log handler .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  check if given path is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy a query to another query string .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  query   query

test:  remove prerequisite associated with the given content usage usage by the given content .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  show all the figures and enter the cocoa mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  check if encoding is valid .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  if   normalize
truth:  return   return

test:  extract a from an exception .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  extract   exception
truth:  to   null

test:  read tag header from file and return as byte string .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   mm_stamp
truth:  read   read

test:  extract a list of all possible paths from a list .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  need   need

test:  render the django api object .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  renders   view
truth:  render   a

test:  *klass* and transfer the current user .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  find   decorator
truth:  run   run

test:  upsample and then smooth image .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  smooth   null

test:  given an existing queries .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  insert   tags
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  test working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  scaling   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  validate the username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  file   error
truth:  raises   a

test:  find the euler registers that can be used to go through the fixed_quad interval interval .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check that all namespaces namespaces are unique namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  like   check
truth:  if   null

test:  get the xml element .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  rename a source to destination .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  rename   null
truth:  source   source

test:  format a float so it can be appended into a float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  tries to find the version of the previous version .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  find   return
truth:  to   attempts

test:  redirects request handling to the http request .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  to   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  write a table as an ascii-only table for empty i/o table .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its utf-8 full width counterpart .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   appends
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that the unsupported ica .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  takes a string and a list of python tuples .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  process   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  url   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert exception thrown by twos slot to strings .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a string to a byte string .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  get   get

test:  check the requests requests for a particular alias .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  complete   generate

test:  compute the lines of a directory .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  null   return
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clears the screen .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return a random integer such that the first half of a and size .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  disables the received beginning/end repository was registered with the given version was received .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   context

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  remove   remove

test:  save status to session .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  save   null
truth:  saves   current

test:  updates the persistent database .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  update   update
truth:  add   add

test:  retrieves the snapshots metadata for a given collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the current category to listen on the category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  call   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  return node info .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  show   null
truth:  return   a

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials code .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   exchanges
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  return html of the path .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  run   null
truth:  build   html

test:  helper: get a date from quarter to helper: .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  check   start
truth:  extract   date

test:  exception error handler .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  updates   downloads
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decompress a trail file .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a compiler entry for a given options .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  emit   set
truth:  null   inject

test:  returns the template context for a given request or template .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  returns the region regions that matches the country code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the python source file for the given python source .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  open   null
truth:  function   function

test:  list monitor in a given monitor .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  query   a
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  declare the interfaces interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  list active mounts on mac os systems .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  search for mako use of the doctest .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  search   search
truth:  searches   searches

test:  return a random id .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a beets query string .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create an image .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fetches a private exploration from a private exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the builtin passed in the builtin models .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  check   characters
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the headers in the input header into an array .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  build   a

test:  get the inverse of the specified parameters .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  cleanup   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get backward password or backward from environment .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a rejectionline function that computes the scalar harmonic oscillator .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  null   argument
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokalmichener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the mysql error .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  look   in

test:  converts data into a dict of ownership objects .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  make sure ast strings works .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  make   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compute the kaiserord width of a .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  sum   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a unicode path name to a unicode string .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if index exists and in the given index .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a lazy name which will use a method with a wsdl name .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  convert string to utf-8 on ascii bytes .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  if   null

test:  saves response data to a specified python resource .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  saves   request
truth:  save   null

test:  this function finds the host for a given host .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  return   function
truth:  find   find

test:  instantiate class from all the element of obj .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   cls
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  callback for config options to be used for a process .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  returns the cpu location .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  escapes a string for inclusion in a visible replacing .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  computes   mark
truth:  string   string

test:  replace the old style style file .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  files   files

test:  require english language .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  train a state of a given actor through a directed graph .
truth: train a model . 
test:  search   a
truth:  train   a

test:  parse parsed data from parsed data .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns svn changes in an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  get   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  function that takes as function and returns a function version as a function that flags flags with the same type as the help function .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   opposite

test:  jarque bera polynomial using infinity .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the first object .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return the module that contains the import python imaging .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  returns   identification
truth:  module   identification

test:  obtain and executes an overlapping user .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  ask   function
truth:  prompts   null

test:  regression test for a bug where an error is raised when the nans of the nans and should be zero .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  null   comments
truth:  null   null

test:  parse keystring namespaces .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return true if the url belongs to the given url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  debug/test function for the old style system .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all markdown services cli example: .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge the given config into a dictionary .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  converts   layer

test:  checks to see related access to template with a template .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  calculate average average for each iterable as a dict .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  compute the hash of a file .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  checks permission for media permissions .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of app tests from a directory .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  load   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  list lists of lists .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  list   entry
truth:  show   show

test:  prints information about the pagination pagination .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  compare source estimate .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   feature
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  helper to get the actual template .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  print   parse
truth:  to   method

test:  run makemessages and return the shell in a given itemfield venv .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  set the computenode on a computenode and create a computenode .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  clear the node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  get or create an visible spine .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  verify   metadata
truth:  return   return

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  find   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return list of file fonts .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  download   wrapper
truth:  grab   a

test:  parses ml headers from data .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  parse   headers
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send an email .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  email   a
truth:  send   session

test:  return the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  shared registration form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  call signature:: xscale .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  wrap   table

test:  calls the shell with the given parameters .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  combine a path into a list of directories .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this should be a regex flag .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  string   a
truth:  null   foo

test:  default await function .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  decode   set
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  add a service to a service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   call
truth:  add   a

test:  send email notifications by :py:func:~swift .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  list   view
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a colormap instance .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop a container container container id cli example: .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  returns a dict with the given instance .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  model   model

test:  traverse a symbol .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  download   download

test:  remove users in conference from conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to weight .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  code   case
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  sort the text from the filename .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the best slave slave .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  get   send
truth:  talk   null

test:  return verbose character .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  resets   factory
truth:  null   case

test:  use the uploaded hash to verify the sha .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  returns the quick line from the given file .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  return the string smaller of the given value .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  renders a report as actions for the given template .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  call   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  look the possible the cname for the specified domain .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  called   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get website for all users .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call the xxdot function for a given python arithmetic .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  ensure that slicing model can be initialized when instance is raised .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  assert that the supplied headers can be the test headers .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  assert   checks
truth:  fail   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  test voting of integer jcal .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  if   github
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator to add symbol in modifier modifier modifier .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return true if the attribute has a method method arguments .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  confirm   a
truth:  match   a

test:  test that columns can be ipv4 as a ipv4 address .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  get the correct error handler for this minion cli example: .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  predefined   return
truth:  predefined   return

test:  apply a palette to a images .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  return   create
truth:  get   pil

test:  returns a random string/key of "length" characters .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse extra info info file .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a text string into a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the python function for a type .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller for the master organisation - all outbound outbound messages are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is success .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the corr .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  return a stream encoding using the given name .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  get   factory
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  load tasks from a module and fill in it as a list .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  convert   format
truth:  loading   loading

test:  get to delete to delete a resource from the table .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  to   delete

test:  add ssl certificate from a site certificate .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  command   ssl
truth:  add   custom

test:  encodes the given data to utf-8 format .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   inverse
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge the dictionaries by a dictionary into a dictionary .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   a

test:  checks if the given host is currently being protected .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  null   helper

test:  elide filename without spaces .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  sum   null
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that value is a requirements of a requirements value .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  to   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  given a schema type .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   a

test:  create a new container matches the given image .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replaces the given headers with the given http header and optionally headers .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  normalizes   convert
truth:  sort   headers

test:  return a handle handle to prosite .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run the compiler .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  run   ip
truth:  run   run

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  run   line
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the contenttype file .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  file   join
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses the certificate from a trust file .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  parse   servers
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieve the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the rate limiting behavior of the given c{crypto .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  make   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  main function runs this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  run   run

test:  computes the maximum of an array or the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to return a random ip containing a random ip address .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check database control this is a database control .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  authenticate   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return the object for the given object .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  return   code
truth:  code   code

test:  returns list of languages in the given language .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set attribute attribute to be used as a default value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  value   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  parse a template into a template .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  create an immutable ref object .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  get   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  retrieves the hardware address for a deployment .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return the template attribute of an attribute .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  return the url string from the url words .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate the results of leading/trailing and return a dict of results .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   element
truth:  parse   parse

test:  build list of popular files .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  null   indices
truth:  minify   +

test:  setup the pyzabbix component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a testcase to assert that tests correctly run a series of temporal module .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a breadth-first-search bit aes of the given data .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  write the carving of a gcode file .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  display   file
truth:  analyze   a

test:  populate the module and apply module and state within it .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  model   task
truth:  used   null

test:  prints the version of the jupyter controller .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  maps   null
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test uninstall from a reqs file .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstall   test
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  a function that computes the ones of a list of arguments .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  stack   stack

test:  get the pid of a process instance .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  return   a

test:  test that theano .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update environ defaults with testing purposes this adds various defaults to the trivial trivial defaults for testing purposes .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   environ
truth:  update   environ

test:  convert a symmetric matrix into a 2d matrix .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  verifies that all .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  function for automatically remove legal backend belonging to preserve .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  given   a
truth:  use   use

test:  test to ensure that hugs nullable correctly handles a nullable type .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  get the matplotlib backend .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  nest context manager to help with atomic attr_name .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  context   filename
truth:  open   temporary

test:  load an image from file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  load   find
truth:  load   a

test:  a numeric tree to determine the tree of a given tree .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  if   return
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a new context object without calling the context .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates a new value .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  use   a
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print error .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  updates a remote branch to remote sources .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  text   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  returns the table item .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  return   api
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  prints a function if it doesnt exist .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a file system records into a list of protos records .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  read   a

test:  start configuration in a mariadb .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  fixture   html
truth:  help   help

test:  check to see if curve is actually private curve .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  modify   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return true if the object has been resolved as a reference or the given object .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  cool   a
truth:  outline   a

test:  plot the day of the day .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  returns true iff the specified axis has an private axis .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  token   validate
truth:  to   helper

test:  test whether two strings are equal .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  time   null
truth:  string   string

test:  count the sum of an array-like to the previous eigenvalues of each feature in *n* .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  sum   solve
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if the process should be inside any of its deviation .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  an urllib3 dictionary to convert ssl-support to urllib3 dictionary .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  config   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  try to escape html with some or html field to be markdown .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  function   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves the separable order differential equation with a differential equation .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  helper function to parse error message .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  given   null

test:  check to see if the system path refers to the directory of the given system .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  deletes any item from the existing tab usage usage for a given category .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  to   usage
truth:  deletes   null

test:  extract title from the end of the response .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  dummy function to print a warning to stdout .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  function   null
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  reverse of inverse 3 things .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  splits the expression into the right filter .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   operator

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if the first two directories are equal .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the default paths for the given ssl .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  to   default
truth:  return   paths

test:  perform an attribute function .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  if   check

test:  expression : lparen type_name rparen .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   system_controls
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific tenants cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of lr updates .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  calls   routine
truth:  null   gradient

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  returns links to display for current footer .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of products for a store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete table where where clause from a table where clause are deleted to/from .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  delete   permissions
truth:  deletes   null

test:  a context manager that temporarily captures sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  place an order by specified amount of shares/lots .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  null   place
truth:  place   place

test:  get a platform-agnostic 2-tuple of an opf 2-tuple of a 2-tuple of tk .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  looks   enable
truth:  get   a

test:  test that all column in column are positive .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   groups

test:  compute the md5 hash of a file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   hex
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   a
truth:  email   email

test:  runs a example based on the example of the specified calendar .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  display the greatest common divisor of a and b .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  null   division
truth:  null   integer

test:  write a set of brackets to a currency .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  download the vehicle from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  call keyword on appropriate ipython signature .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  call   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  just gives a combined tensor .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  flag   flag

test:  set up the root password to admin_passwd admin_password .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  read in previously saved objects from the file .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  read   in

test:  return the appropriate plugin of a given plugin .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  only load that the esxi module is present .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  to   return
truth:  load   load

test:  create a filesystem to a volume .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  create   download
truth:  copy   contents

test:  open the set of icon or the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  restful crud block .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  create a user in a list of sailthru .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   create
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new statements that verify this db .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  calculate the log of the residual mvn parameters obs : float the residual residual consistent with the distance m .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  calculate   function
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  check that the given directory exists .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  raises   return
truth:  if   check

test:  take a dictionary of variables and create a dictionary of values from a dictionary .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  to   null
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name can be parsed back to its folders .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  get fully qualified descriptions from name .
truth: if present . 
test:  find   find
truth:  present   null

test:  returns the domain cname without having the given port .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  like   encode
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production table .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   up
truth:  move   up

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  compute lc and a in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  results   results

test:  list all group ids .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  extract data from the tree index as a mapping of parser .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  express   a

test:  return a list that is the subsequence that is the sequences of sequences in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get roles for a user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  get   roles
truth:  returns   roles

test:  accumulate all the methods from an ordered dict .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  traverse   null

test:  returns a document to be used in a discussion object .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  like stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  null   print
truth:  like   pretty

test:  register a new mapping .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  returns true if there is a permission for the given user .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  if   equivalent
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  adds the documents as a getter .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  function   set
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the user info cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will return a standard json index page containing the json response for a given course .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  return   series
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  test   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  create a compiler .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  import   a
truth:  return   return

test:  computes one encoding of a single encoding .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  mangle the named python name .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  null   types
truth:  mangle   a

test:  create a document in a hive-site .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  univariate univariate series modulo o .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  null   homepage
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  read comment removes namespace and run it .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from l .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   method

test:  hook to idle warning to idle .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   scan
truth:  show   show

test:  returns the value for the given db .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the helptopic completion model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  converts the keys in identifiers to an iterator that can be found .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  null   weibo
truth:  split   a

test:  update pairs in the background thread .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  update   state

test:  return the dot id of the current process .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   matches
truth:  return   a

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compare two modules names .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  code   checks
truth:  sets   sets

test:  start a http reactor server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  build a data from a environ .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  build   use
truth:  builds   null

test:  create an element from f in k[x] .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  adds   create
truth:  add   add

test:  this process the processes .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  compose   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  set the action id of the given state .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  use   send
truth:  set   state

test:  find the op node by a portion of the input node .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   convert
truth:  find   find

test:  get the most appropriate changes .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  display   null
truth:  display   display

test:  round a number or integer to a precision integer .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  round   a
truth:  round   a

test:  decorator for registering api methods .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  project add to preselected project .
truth: new project form . 
test:  null   add
truth:  project   project

test:  fail if two arrays are within the same order .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  to   asserts
truth:  raise   null

test:  removes a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  string return the series/index provided in the string .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  downloads a response data from a url in the given directory .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  virtual environment to install the virtualenv .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  install   install

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  calculate the candidate configuration files .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  install   find
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   a

test:  calls users .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   users
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial release section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  fixture that provides a blob that resets the test snippets .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  add a task to a task .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  least-square geo distance distance between -180 and b .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   distance

test:  convert a filename into a valid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with undefined steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  remove an element from the pixel list .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   process
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a pandas type .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  input   input

test:  construct an endpoint server endpoint from an endpoint description description .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  creates an rate argument spec .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  extend   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a tuple in whether a given globs .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check a set of api api key .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  check   encoder
truth:  validate   validate

test:  helper for creating the resource_type type for clients .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   resolver

test:  test single bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test datetime .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   dict
truth:  test   date

test:  set response for vary header .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  order   sets
truth:  add   a

test:  identify the specified parameters .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  split   a
truth:  sign   sign

test:  a signal to be called when the state of date is loaded .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  define   changes
truth:  to   null

test:  parse a callback in the policy .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  renders   get
truth:  translate   translate

test:  debugging hook for tests .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  return a conditional .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  tests the instances of the grouped method .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  correlation   model
truth:  run   run

test:  squared logarithmic error between an log power of quality quality .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  squared   class
truth:  squared   mean

test:  returns true if a cohort is cohorted .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  return   request
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of unique elements in order .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a list of default handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  return   dict
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check whether the os are supported on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  rq command .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  command   null
truth:  bench   bench

test:  perform a dmcrypt config to collect it from haproxy and get the correct data .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  complete   content
truth:  get   a

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  registers a flag whose value must be any module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  uses the sorting .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the version of openshift using openshift .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  borrowed   get
truth:  get   current

test:  return the identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate config dict for precompute data .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  show   collection
truth:  return   info

test:  take a string and return it .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  remove   characters

test:  look for an item in the queue .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns a hashed string with the pbkdf2 hash algorithm .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter messages based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a timedelta value to a python timedelta object .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register an application by sending it to another oauth .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  register   register

test:  return the base64 text .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  to   function

test:  computes the pval of a histogram .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  test   null
truth:  get   get

test:  iterate over an iterator .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  map   map

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses configured on the interface ifname .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   sync
truth:  returns   a

test:  return drive free factorization of a directory .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  gemm computing a child process by calculating calculating calculating .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an existing token .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  combines   null

test:  creates an exception .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   create

test:  display the population dialog .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write statistics for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   a
truth:  file   file

test:  helper to scale a bem subject by a bem name .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  scale   a

test:  check to see if a member exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  check   a

test:  compress a user .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  uses   delete
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  checks to see if there is a comma status .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  reconstruct the object from an object .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  get   values
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  class decorator that injects the given properties of a class .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  assert   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in common cryptographically safe way: runtime is either changesets or android of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  draw tabs .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  edge betweenness centrality centrality for nodes in g .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  assumes   closeness
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  same as a >> b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return page from request .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  used   rendering
truth:  adds   null

test:  save properties from instance_type into a flavor dict .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   metadata
truth:  save   properties

test:  return a symbolic chi function parameters f : int number of points in the sanitized case .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize the fs .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  null   attributes
truth:  enable   readline

test:  decode a binary string from a binary string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set the user module if the kernel is linux .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  run   null
truth:  work   work

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  pad string to support navigation spaces .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  helper function for quickly fixed error handling .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  ignores   null
truth:  if   null

test:  stop <spider> - stop a password .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  null   power
truth:  stops   current

test:  with corners .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  handle   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax checking: missing on a feature .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  overrides   like
truth:  null   syntax

test:  get the http token .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  deletes   api
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the language-code found in the given path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  used in various unit .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  call   a
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  plots histograms of histograms and histograms of histograms plots plots plots .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plots   crud
truth:  plot   plot

test:  assume that a compatibile compatibile compatibile notices correctly .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  test   default
truth:  constructs   a

test:  sends a code to a $bindir stdin .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  receive   run
truth:  context   manager

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  return an exception that does not return a list of stack .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  call   format
truth:  format   a

test:  upload a postprocessor request to the standalone process .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  takes a root root directory .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  display   null
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a class that will run specific auto service .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  utility to get pending reboot reboot between pending reboot reboot .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  prints payload structure from a file-like object .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  calculate   prints
truth:  null   a

test:  encode the given text using the oauth2 token .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  do   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  regression test for unimplemented ensures that the deap can be correct .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  github   use
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning from an editable linux package .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  checking   checking

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a form field for a file .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build a bucket from a sequence of non-empty lists .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  build   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse a iso 8601 format .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  given   a

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a list of the pattern types which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  remove the call to log .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns an minpoly tensor with the given list of minpoly .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete an login profile cli examples: .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  deletes   a

test:  start a machine by running poweron .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  launch   returns
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with an arcsin distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read image data from file as a string .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   lsm
truth:  read   read

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  configure flocker service when a cluster is created .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   gl
truth:  configure   configure

test:  make the dimensions of a arrays .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  to   sample
truth:  sort   sort

test:  convert compound groups to javascript groups .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a list of cache groups with details cli example: .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  return a shell-escaped version of a path .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  prepend   null

test:  escape partial data .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  query   query

test:  restores a ccx from a ccx to a ccx .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   references
truth:  restore   references

test:  this should be run in the backend .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   -
truth:  show   show

test:  check if variable contains shared variables .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  returns true if implemented at the top of the given info .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find the smallest build of a kelvin .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  restore the state of a serialized level level .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  use   use

test:  combine the mangled name into the python module name .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  null   return
truth:  name   name

test:  returns a menu prompt for the given footer .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  forces   attempt
truth:  generate   a

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  does maybe support .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  mapping   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  latex the var2 loss function .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  matching   compute
truth:  select   null

test:  view function to replace facebook events per access information about the graph .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  content   null
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the cpunish data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test to ensure the cache can be built .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  github   github

test:  determine the handler for the input image .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate all file names in specified file .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  set the errout color of the live command line parameters fp : python file name of the process .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  set   set
truth:  error   error

test:  view function that loads one or more directly on the database .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that an exception not built correctly .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read a kegg enzyme file .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  slices slices slices this function does not start with a slices .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  convert   no
truth:  null   null

test:  the module is active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  null   test
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  training controller - used for teams rate limiting .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   controller
truth:  training   events

test:  this function is called by the english english in a render_document way .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm sequence of float matrices from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   utf-8
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a postfix submission of a line .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail the test if given object does not none or return none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  check   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test from poolclient .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test text for a labelsize .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  complete   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  set   set

test:  remove an api hook for acts .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  support   a
truth:  support   rm

test:  extract containers from the deployment .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  rebuild   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  label encoding from channel .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  updates   exception
truth:  select   null

test:  factory function that sends a tkt middleware .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  make   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  simple wildcard pad that tensorflow spaces .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  input an expression that returns a propositional uses digits .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  completely remove the lexer/parser directory from the master cache cli example: .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   remove
truth:  clear   null

test:  summarize a set of iso8601 for the specified list of history .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  summarize   enable
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  iterate over the elements of func .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  function   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return disk block size of the file .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a formatted function string for a given rank .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  every item of a numeric array .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   numpy

test:  returns a method decorator that converts a function to a method to use as a function in a class .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  filters out the formstyle row and returns the formstyle .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  write a component to xml .
truth: write component . 
test:  see   a
truth:  write   component

test:  summarize the mathjax article generated by the given article script .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing a exclude package .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  uses list of events to shift events .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  null   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  api method to delete a thumbnail .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  update   add
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  helper to generate random symbol used as string .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  uses   in
truth:  null   generator

test:  print the event for an event .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  null   event
truth:  print   event

test:  context manager to initialize the sys .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  context   run
truth:  used   null

test:  set the effective user and return the effective uid .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   guess
truth:  process   process

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert string timestamp to true or false .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete all jobs .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  call   null
truth:  null   null

test:  removes ability from search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a number into the alphabet .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  decode   a

test:  plot environment used by the search-enabled .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  deletes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get the url to show for the current module .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   return

test:  show all titles in the list of user .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get the role policy for a role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the github update is supported .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the version of the message on which root is currently on .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the ca volume info in the signed signed form .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  open   a
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with a product method .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  create a symlink relative to the given destination .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns all possible values of n elements of n from list of k .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  null   *
truth:  return   a

test:  check that astropys or quantiles from the correct coordinate representation .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  turns   test
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  return the current difference of the given mode .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  place   handler
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the specified attachment specs item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  load all the lexers module .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  load   a

test:  parse the command line and return a dictionary .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   parse

test:  parse attributes and catch any operation .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  parse   images
truth:  translate   rest

test:  create a s3 object from a s3 object .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  to   function

test:  confirm that the user can be present in another question .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  prompt   implementation
truth:  ask   user

test:  parses a string like "2004-08-30 .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the time zone as a tzinfo instance .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set an alert attribute .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  get   info
truth:  null   alert

test:  remove special values from an object .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for a given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   windows
truth:  list   cloud

test:  arguments - automatically remove back a tuple of arguments .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to imtext .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  check if an dbref has a type .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  expect a sympy expression from a propositional expression .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  repeat   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  test that we can cast to cast the gpu .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  test   unicode
truth:  test   test

test:  simple test program .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  copy   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  corrupt a random integer vector .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  access   entry
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  list statements for a given chain .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  algorithm   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get info about the info app .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   info

test:  decorator that converts a function into a filter:: filter:: wrapper .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the latest latest image for a given distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  trigger the scheduler .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  to   null
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add an contributor form to the document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  the repository module references .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  require   task
truth:  save   state

test:  attempt to return disk time in bytes .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  this function will run a separate dummy dummy test .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  register a setup in the socket for measure of properties .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  to   a
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username authenticate against the given password pointer authenticate .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for hub .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  null   properties
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the latest ed25519 record for a received repository from the received changeset .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a unicode string into utf-8 encoded format .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  convert   s3

test:  example: when i run "behave .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c options as used by at at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ as fallback to compute the typical coefficients of compilers: the
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  converts a string into a sha1 object .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  constructs   remove
truth:  like   like

test:  test that all possible pairs in the correct column table .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  test   github
truth:  existing   replace

test:  get a series of start to end in pages based on year .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  handle the signed response from a http response object and the response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  parse   error
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that match groups and named groups as groups .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  allow   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  a helper function for pretty-printing an expression .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  create a new version instance for the latest version .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  make   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a decorator for functions that return c_void_p .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   check
truth:  func   func

test:  read in forward meg solution .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  test basic inverse list_identities .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  obtain a port on the given host or a port .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  comma   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get an access token for the given token .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  install   access
truth:  access   access

test:  write the name to the group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  write   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  time series forecast .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  moving   null
truth:  null   exponential

test:  to select a directory list in the list .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  select   a
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if we dont expand a :func:exception_from_error_queue without datastores .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  use   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  run a shell comand on a remote host .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   return
truth:  command   command

test:  create a keystone client .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  calculates the l2 projection of f .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  checks if a string is an ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  text   a
truth:  check   check

test:  get the absolute area of a vector3 loop .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test if the tool has a isoread instance .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the unittest flags flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  checks that the user is enabled .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  is   a

test:  compute a key for a video uploads .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  null   access
truth:  create   a

test:  break break after child nodes .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  cutting   filters
truth:  given   a

test:  parses shapes from used to compute shapes .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  multiply   characters
truth:  give   null

test:  return matching the given function .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  call   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue queue .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   function
truth:  pop   one

test:  creates an input input data .
truth: input data . 
test:  text   a
truth:  input   data

test:  validates the arguments against the given arguments .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  null   args
truth:  if   check

test:  test installing from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return the exit code of the currently running the passed dependency .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the implementation of a single interpreters type .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  check if the given list of files can be used .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  format   a

test:  a simple login view that returns a simple view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   a

test:  serialize python object to numpy .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return the potential potential body' .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  checks   label
truth:  null   energy

test:  convert an object to an input dictionary and returns appropriate dont quantity .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  return   object
truth:  returns   a

test:  extract a key/value pair from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab a commands lock on job:table_sizes and call runonce .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  given a string .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  appends   calls
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays horizontally .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  query a named pairs from a named pairs .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  helper function to get tensor .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  get   values

test:  return a pmap for a class .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  check if any configuration in the top configuration .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  writes   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  remove the database manager from the database .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  migrate   ports
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if the vms exists .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  if   return
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   service
truth:  start   start

test:  parse a twos auth key .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  create   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : sizeof unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  returns the list of configuration errors .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  return   guess
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create temporary file on the given path .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  use   a
truth:  return   return

test:  determines whether the system needs to be rebooted .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  set data from the clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  null   data
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  check to see if the slug provided .
truth: check slug . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   slug

test:  return true if all column components are found in the same order .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  reverse   result
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a project instance for a project .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  project   project

test:  get a compute node to its *seq* .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  merge a hash .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  given   a

test:  arrange word2vec of a hashable .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the last modified date .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  null   return
truth:  guess   guess

test:  getconn like object .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete delete tests if it exists .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   rest

test:  makes increasing kwargs to increasing the increasing field based on increasing defined by the increasing code .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  dimension   function
truth:  makes   null

test:  get a version from the mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   return

test:  set the android handler where the media player should render its jvm output .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  shows all events in the given events .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  null   send
truth:  null   page

test:  variance of the asymmetry of a given shape .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  measure   measure
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the string which contains the password chars .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  apply a filter in reverse to a filter .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  mean   mean

test:  show imgadm uuid cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  list   info
truth:  show   manifest

test:  internal parser function to parse the version string .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check that the exam has rescoring to be rescoring .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  grabs   null

test:  regression test for url methods on subclasses of subclasses .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a dictionary of setter methods for the given set of fields .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the complex polygon .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the properties field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return string expression containing the chars expression .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute nth corner measure response from a non-negative image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  compute   harris

test:  get the repr of an object as a list of attributes .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  given   get
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  creates a query to make a query .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  add a broadcast .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   attributes
truth:  add   a

test:  looks for a package in the existence directory and returns a list of locustfile .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url only a sanity check here .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  url   url
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns true if the server is running in this web server .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  ip   ip

test:  add a host entry .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   create
truth:  add   a

test:  test installing from a requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  if   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform an a record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  index   view
truth:  view   view

test:  sends a mail mail to the target .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  send   a
truth:  copied   null

test:  make sure the new command is set .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  load scores from folder .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  validate   barcode
truth:  read   a

test:  remove ]assert entries from a list .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  null   count
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the given directory and execute it with the given name .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  process   markup

test:  test print/repr of edge .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  prints all commands in the database cli example: .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  require a shell library .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  check   a
truth:  specify   a

test:  read the fixture fixture .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  read   function
truth:  null   variant

test:  set the score for the user .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  updates   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fixture which checks if a topic is in the test .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  return a list of here extensions to be found in the console .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  load a document and return the document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  text   return
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate all volume types from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  create a dopile function for testing .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if a filename is a imp .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  if   return
truth:  given   null

test:  remove the url and place it out of the file .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: xml-summary adds support for the job in the console hierarchy .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller which is similar to a server .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  null   position
truth:  modified   version

test:  restores an existing configuration from the autotest_remote plugin .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restores   config
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  define a symbolic expression that is a json_formatter .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  context   find
truth:  return   return

test:  convert s to utf-8 into utf-8 encoded string .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  unicode   string
truth:  null   conversion

test:  test that create text from polar wedge can be instantiated .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  confirm that the characters of the known function mod .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  add   add

test:  check if object is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  check   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list comma rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   student

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  set   guess
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 2-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check to see if a signature has invalid chars .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  test   return
truth:  function   function

test:  compute a matrix to boxcox .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  register   fixture
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  function to start a numa instance .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  perform   pretty
truth:  fit   fit

test:  tests that all samples in folder can be saved .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  parse   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if overriding works correctly .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  null   scenarios
truth:  passing   null

test:  generate a datetime object .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  advance   a
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  validates whether a host is valid and can be passed to the other data .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  if   html
truth:  validate   a

test:  try to get an baseaddress header while setting the language code which has been marked as the user enables .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  load   redirect
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if a and b are both the same kind of elements in slot .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   elements

test:  creates an url by / or folder .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check that flow .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  check   a
truth:  to   try

test:  a list; tree after the tree .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  updates   signal
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify the function class from knn .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  returns the energy of the first kind of order n .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  algorithm   n
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore all tables from administration that were loaded by a given table .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  restore   tables
truth:  modifies   null

test:  return list of files for a given directory .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new collection .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  regex   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper to generates and between tensors .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  null   checking
truth:  attach   a

test:  transform a set of constant reference into a protocol object .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  decorator to make a decorator for the given extension .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  creates   factory
truth:  to   decorator

test:  signals httpd to start a signal .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   httpd
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  look through a certain wrapper in a different server .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  reverse   routine
truth:  command   command

test:  returns true if the list looks like a list of objects .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  make sure the text is cleared properly .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  make   in
truth:  make   null

test:  update default configuration options for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  confirm   set
truth:  default   default

test:  extract options for use within a package dispatcher .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  null   a
truth:  choose   null

test:  check assembly of %save .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  run   null
truth:  files   files

test:  zip route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  render   a
truth:  format   format

test:  look up the system revision .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  get   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : ] error .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  a shortcut for timing .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  used   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return useful information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   logged_in_users
truth:  return   return

test:  method decorator that returns a function with arguments after the function returns true if args is not false .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  function   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a ctypes model model model defined in the accepted state of a given string .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  construct   null

test:  compute horner algorithm of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  multiply   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  returns the current time as a unicode string .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the specified output has n columns .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  check that a graph specified by the provided graph .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  return   dfs
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a list of normalized pairs of the pairs in the most order .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  null   like
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  null   file
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the app for the current instance .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default plot works .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return a frequency resource .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   hook

test:  split expression into mach-o path .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  splits   axis
truth:  split   expression

test:  change password handler .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  to   view
truth:  password   password

test:  this marks a test as an environment variable to override the timeout .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  takes   monitor
truth:  override   override

test:  bump cache for shop that dont contain shop when is not met .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  used to cache the cache operation .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  return   enable
truth:  is   null

test:  get the value of the category category .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  code   info
truth:  get   get

test:  return value from json .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  null   module
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the bytes required to serialize a message with this field .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  see   number
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to find a package from a file path .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  file   file
truth:  given   a

test:  removes all files below a directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  encode an ascii-only acl list as a string .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of resources .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  returns the description of a list of lines of lines of lines .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  function to convert the value from tell tell to the time .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  transform   multiply
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: ci-skip allows you to define rvm for certain builds .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the constraint from a surface .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  compute   workload
truth:  null   surface

test:  saves the pony app .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  return   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   null
truth:  log   a

test:  run the media in the given list of tests .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  subscribe a list of tag names to single tag .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  given   null

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  check if an image is a file .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  group backend by backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  null   items
truth:  null   items

test:  given a locale form .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to get i3 connection .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  import   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the task has no updated for the given instructor .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the specified users preference preference for the specified user .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  creates   time
truth:  gets   null

test:  save configuration default config file .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  return   data
truth:  convert   a

test:  convenience method for integer integers .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  used   filter
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  the pprint for classes and types .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  null   pprint
truth:  base   pprint

test:  converts a scalar to a timedelta object .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  coerce   a
truth:  string   string

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  check the specified string on the device .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  require an rpm package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  return list of dev files .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  null   null
truth:  files   files

test:  get the skeinforge plugins directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run a lazy lazy on a system .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  function   a
truth:  test   test

test:  filter out a uri reference to a uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the subgraph connected to count of graph .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  connected   generate

test:  recursively get templates from all templates .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  sample from top_k distribution .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   one
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all quotas for a quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   override
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a new dictionary of positional and values from an option to find the dict .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  prepares   method
truth:  function   function

test:  the loss function .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  find wsa:action migration .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  blocks   whitening
truth:  null   migration

test:  this function will remove the logging logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add to email queue queue .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  to   contents
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the interval name .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a single handler from the list of handlers .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  remove   a

test:  generates an categorical categorical spatial spatial surface of an axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  null   x
truth:  return   x

test:  delete a function that can be used as a sibling object .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   decorator

test:  returns true if and only if the simple turan graph is a turan graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read filename and return contents from file .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   file
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  migrate location credentials for swift keys .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  get   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  add a pool on the remote server cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check all workers in the worker .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  check if a marketing link is any of the given marketing link .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the description of a sequence .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  address   a
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  api: send the pprint to output .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  null   pprint

test:  instance of total 64 over a self-serve .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with no labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given the portfolio strategy .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  emit   scroll
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure the cpu running on the cpu args: name : the name of the cpu to running cpu cpu : the cpu returns: bool: true if the cpu from which
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  this function will clone a vdi that has been versus .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  null   data
truth:  clones   a

test:  format a single error messages to log in .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  build   error
truth:  to   method

test:  an html string .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  call   helper
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a >>= b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test disarmed slugify with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  disarmed   test
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  reads the current user from the history file .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an optiongroup object for the given optparse group group .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  runs the application .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  run   gunicorn_django
truth:  null   null

test:  set a packed choose which can be used .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  broadcast   a
truth:  set   gl

test:  create new rating rating .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  changes   signal
truth:  to   null

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  null   deployments
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test position directly from issue a position .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  test   line
truth:  check   check

test:  make sure that the cookiecutter project exists .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  if   a
truth:  call   call

test:  return the full path to the base_path of a package .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  to   try
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function that returns a copy of a function .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  func   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string made up of count ipsum ipsum characters separated by a single space separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a message topic delete confirmation page .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  used   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  skip a test if condition is true .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the list of courseware names from courseware .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a numpy ndarray to a nearest likelihood parameter parameters raw : array_like input to lux : ndarray 1-d array .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a list of parser names on the configuration .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  get   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that a directory with this directory can be instantiated .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the specified service is available .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return an understandable line from jinja error error .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper method for validation vars .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  determine a concise expression for a subprocess .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  copies   norm
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a single port into a list of hosts .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  split   split
truth:  takes   a

test:  save a process to a file .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   command
truth:  save   a

test:  calculates the uptime function that will represent the next time to get seconds since it is seconds when the function is time .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  get   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  link link to text .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  cleans   link
truth:  leading   remove

test:  image data to save and retry image .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  create   null
truth:  save   a

test:  test that you can purge a user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  purging   test
truth:  purging   test

test:  given a list of scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  generate a random asset asset key for the given md key .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  read named ranges in a workbook .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   read
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the latest release tags .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  release   release
truth:  return   return

test:  removes a logrotate script for the given application .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  reverse command .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  searches for a query with the highest search results in the sequence .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  list   version
truth:  search   search

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  given a set of attributes and a set of attributes .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only load this module if the os is available .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer reviewer .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  convert fontsize from a linearoperator .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   font

test:  run breakpoint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   breakpoint
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator that adds extra extra extra fields to flask application .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of groups the user names in the ms .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with guestbook_name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run the testsuite tests from the doctests .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns three os id from an image id and three letter objects .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  null   images
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the string from the data .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   a

test:  check whether the current node is higher from node .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  null   null
truth:  search   search

test:  delete a task .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  use the uploaded verify to verify the sha .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   use

test:  class decorator to add a single wrapped property def .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a set of applied ports that differ from the system .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  return   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  modules home page .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   crud

test:  add plugins to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns a new object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a generator pack to chunkyreader .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  finds   counts
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the demonstrates connection value from salt .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  make a average from a dict() .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  create   create

test:  generate polygon for a polygon .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  measure   long
truth:  given   a

test:  create the data from a docker one .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  determine   apply
truth:  determine   null

test:  turn a report tree by a list of keywords into a report .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  return a list of the closure names found in the given state .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  given   a

test:  attempt to unserialize raw unserialized data in entity .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  allow   entity
truth:  accept   accept

test:  returns the data that matches the given api .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  get   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of payment account from a given url .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a list of checkbox checkbox .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  generates stats for specified amount .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  expr   function
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the dns entries for the specified domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  enable the entity cache .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   methods
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get the appropriate layout for a additional api .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  if   null
truth:  layout   layout

test:  set a new pcs pcs command line for the file prop additional options for creating a live cib property command cibfile use with the live cib cib additional options to
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  for verifying an email address .
truth: keep user . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a json-serializable method .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   method
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a float containing the sound of a file .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the account policy .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   a
truth:  account   account

test:  return a host in all_correlations format .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the correct location .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  wrap   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a version of origin .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  determine   factory
truth:  given   null

test:  find find find a library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  find   find
truth:  to   null

test:  if there is an old package that has already been specific .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  extract the file names from a path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate new support .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   update
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  try to get your little little string .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  convert   verbose
truth:  return   language

test:  setup the available co2 sensor .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  prints out commands .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  write   structure
truth:  list   list

test:  return true if text is a domain domain name .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   responses
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to use queries the action api calls through the given context .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  null   api
truth:  filtered   null

test:  convert a file name to the octal name .
truth: using os . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  using   os

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  return   waits
truth:  support   support

test:  its an event .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  find the documentation class of a given axis .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the request to be "mobile" in the app .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  sets   a

test:  gets the maximum number of the data .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  extract   null

test:  remove sequences from a btrfs sequence .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  used   a
truth:  filters   filters

test:  parse db channel into json channel .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  null   sequences
truth:  null   method

test:  code that runs on application shutdown .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   keyword

test:  given a recursive list of modules .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  yield   message
truth:  list   list

test:  destroy the floating ips from a fixed ip .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   a

test:  take a list of sorted where each item is fired .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  model   indices
truth:  array   array

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  djangos   djangos
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  return a node to be used as the named targets .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  sets a target .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  deletes   dictionary
truth:  build   build

test:  builds a list of tuples to put into a list of files .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns true if the staff staff access to the wiki api for the wiki .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the file system path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the latest downloadable downloadable record for the received repository defined by the received received received .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if a given element has a timestamp or a cfn .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get all migration for a instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  return true if the number is prime .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  takes   number

test:  return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  does   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a fake header_control decorator .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the data xml for a given xml element .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  convert   no
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a rrq packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  fit dask model .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   linear
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  calculate the multivariate statistic for a var(p) test .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  quantize   a

test:  convenience function to format the virtual machines on show paths .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  return   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  string concatenation of the value .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of revisions revisions for admin change .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  check if two open files exist .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the port status of a given cluster .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get the total time after a way of seconds .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   return

test:  the handler for endpoint .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  checks if the given args is a valid attributes .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new stage cli example fail .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  list pending entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   a
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  this function is called from the :mod:salt .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  make   api
truth:  handles   handles

test:  return the message .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  checks to see if the specific apache module is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet table .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  string   call
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds all items in an predicate that match the given sequence .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if theres no network device .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines whether a path is a regular file .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  given a course_id and a course_key id .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  parses   course
truth:  convert   course

test:  differentiate polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  compute   compute

test:  confine this module to windows systems with the required module available .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  work   work
truth:  confine   null

test:  use this old tornado loop to install the tornado environment that has been processed the tornado .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  install   install
truth:  set   set

test:  a decorator to define a deprecation set a function in a transaction .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  adds   a

test:  open or update the passed cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   close
truth:  open   open

test:  return the container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   information

test:  creates a user-input savepoint inside the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   back
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  execute a pem command .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  manage   null

test:  returns true if g is strongly regular regular regular edges .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decode all nt manger sequence from specified length .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install one or more packages .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   python

test:  convert a dictionary into a monitors .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a model instance according to a model .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a problem to a student .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  encode   optional

test:  return the authorized users dashboard dashboard stream .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  asks   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  tests that local abstractconv filter are correctly converts to a local shape .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if the topology topology topology actually numa .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  check   queries
truth:  extract   null

test:  validate the id birthday in the date birthday .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  handle the first element of the element and the element if its the numpy element .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply expr to a rule .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the named grafana registry is absent name the name of the host to remove from the running vname .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  remove the draft that is added to the native location .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  returns timeline data for stock entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  get   strips
truth:  return   timeline

test:  check if there is an upgrade key .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   function
truth:  to   check

test:  return a sqlalchemy if it is a gpg process .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  install   return
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate a search term from the given views .
truth: return query string . 
test:  find   a
truth:  query   query

test:  parse lists of key .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse an xml document .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  parse   argv

test:  wait until a process has been reached .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  wait   request
truth:  fires   a

test:  prints out the course number from a course .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  convert a np/scipy probability distribution into one file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for tk .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   os
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when one of some of some of the steps are longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   name
truth:  subtract   null

test:  start a mounted device cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   remove
truth:  turns   null

test:  emulate the input data with the specified number of elements .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   occurrences
truth:  maps   maps

test:  delete a property by name .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  clear   a

test:  get the convex path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   get

test:  get the profile device .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   case

test:  sets a target .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  project   null
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  pw the affine transformation to tp .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  put   gaussian
truth:  null   null

test:  return the line number of the current line .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  cache   selection
truth:  return   a

test:  create an entrance exam exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  null   workflow
truth:  null   null

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  context manager to temporarily create a zip zip file .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   a

test:  disable serializers that are on un-archive .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute connectivity connectivity for a file .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  load   connectivity
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  return all tests in the given python source .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  determines if a given value exists .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  check   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  denied   view
truth:  default   default

test:  computes the vector distance between vectors v and v .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a list of strings into a string .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  like inspect .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  if   searches
truth:  list   list

test:  file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  reads the yaml password from the admin .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   consul

test:  remove any existing oauth oauth oauth link from user oauth logged in user .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  destroys   null

test:  swaps a translation matrix .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   strings
truth:  return   matrix

test:  reads flickr information from the photo meta file .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate and return the descriptor for the given data .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  to   null
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  queues an email .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   wrapper
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified svd .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute the similarity score for the :ref:user of the specified jaccard .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   similarity

test:  given a url with authentication components .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   a

test:  validate that the provided value is a valid integer or unicode .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  pull to the account .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  account   work
truth:  runs   runs

test:  create true if a string like a outside of rfc predicate .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  train a built lagged units .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  recursive   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a rewrite_links() string into a serializable .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  compute   a

test:  return an instance of the response cache-control body .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  create   response
truth:  return   return

test:  standard deviation .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  projects   dict
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an unknown element for a given element name .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  returns true if *obj* is a device .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   cuda

test:  plots a number of elements .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  text   factory
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using the inverse of a general lyapunov equation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return a list of all the available vm data .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  is user allowed to change owner or group of article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   user

test:  get pci device by addr .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  modify agents .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  existing   a
truth:  existing   null

test:  helper function to build an object .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is created .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  tests   default
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the global qwebsettings .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  start   update
truth:  parses   parses

test:  merge the packages in the request .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  attempt   a

test:  return an object adds url to the given object .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list names in initiated with multiple tokens as possible .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  null   cleanup
truth:  find   find

test:  make sure that the test can be run .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  run   sets
truth:  check   check

test:  return which user is active in .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if a host matches the given host .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  checks   host
truth:  host   host

test:  fixture to return the users mozilla .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  returns   fixture
truth:  create   create

test:  sends a document from recipients .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  parse   test
truth:  calls   a

test:  synchronize all packages .
truth: version of node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   version

test:  patch an old current packages via xlrd .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  func   replace
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a randomly generated dataset .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  index   index

test:  we have to scale a struct_or_union suitable for the ssl socket .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  testing   truncate
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  return the celery settings .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  rescale image by "padding[0]" .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  unzip   gaussian
truth:  scale   image

test:  helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  write   cache
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the calendar info of a calendar based on its calendar .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  file   information
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  convert image .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  build   build

test:  pads the elements of a sequence .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  download   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  merge multiple errors in an error .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  sort   merge
truth:  errors   errors

test:  nearest nearest nearest semi-definite semi-definite this function is intended to find all the eigenvalues of a diagonal matrix .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  a class decorator to bind the table names to an element .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find all possible expressions in an expression .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  to   find
truth:  to   helper

test:  turn data into one or more arrays .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check that score can be 100 .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  function   ordered_dict
truth:  validates   validates

test:  checks two dictionaries of tuples .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  ensure   divmod
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the softmax between an nn tensor and a target tensor .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  null   crossentropy
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate that a partition to a partition and a partition that has a relative path to a partition .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  null   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generic t-confint to zconfint .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  null   confidence
truth:  null   generic

test:  delete a wsgi application from the http request .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  function   start
truth:  error   error

test:  elementwise sigmoid function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  get more info for log info .
truth: adds site . 
test:  get   a
truth:  adds   site

test:  helper function to get the negative power of a complex points .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   product

test:  convert a 2d base 85 base x into an array .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  add the availability seeds to the torrent file .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  joins   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a description of table names in a table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts an iterable of items to a list of pages .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  install pexpect .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  install   series
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return netstat routing information for states cli examples: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   netstat

test:  return a html string of the requested page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  given   lookup
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  context manager that enable profiling with statement .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  copies the "offset spec into a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  files   a
truth:  index   index

test:  find the linux short platform .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a device for block .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  define   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the authentication auth .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  enable   update
truth:  set   set

test:  merge list .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check a module-level arguments .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  check   check
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  determines if a package or a unittest module can be found in a given package directory .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  discover   a
truth:  discover   discover

test:  skip decorator that skips tests if a test run in sys .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return the comment header .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  list   return
truth:  string   string

test:  test downloads a test with a quitting process .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  a call to obtain a signal with a signal status .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  signal   return
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a string is a compatiable format .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  to   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the command line .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  add an ssh public key to the ssh .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  get a model class from src to dst .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  handles   create
truth:  create   a

test:  serve static files which contain a student to serve the given page .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  null   send
truth:  show   show

test:  decode the unicode text file into unicode .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  to   html
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  drange = a^(1 dstart .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  get   multiply
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that a file has been run .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve a path for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes a string to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test that max and relative values in relative to relative ones .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a format type for the current format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  check that port returns a port returns a port returns a port returns a port returns a port returns an str when the port returns a port can be converted
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  starting   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a variable is an same number .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the value to use for a currency .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  log   null
truth:  format   decimal

test:  ensure that the keystone user is absent name the name of the user to remove user system user to remove user the user to remove .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  checks that the input means of the matrix has been modified .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  shortens   checking
truth:  validate   validate

test:  show the content of the exists in the androids header .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  view redirects to classes .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  url   a
truth:  view   view

test:  mark a function or method as callback .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a file name which is valid in the directory .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  like   fill
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  return the expires that the certificate in the expiry order of the certificate to be unimportable .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  ensure   sync
truth:  return   return

test:  dump server .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  writes   configures
truth:  prints   prints

test:  compute the freedman bins of a probability bins of a .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a manager instance type for a given type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extract a data structure from a dict of key/value pairs .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  navigate   data

test:  return a dictionary with keys of users of user names as keys .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the hypervisors that is the area of the given rectangles .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   a

test:  delete keyword from a fits file .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  make   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a version is available .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  watch   returns
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of assigned to a specific ticket .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   page
truth:  print   a

test:  routes routes .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  check the version of the version .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  convert the registry keys of a python class by our registry .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  print out the output data .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  output   timestamp
truth:  modified   display

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a string representing a epoch in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  revert dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  exclude home directory if path is not in home directory .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  used   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a vpc id or name .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   vpc
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all open threads that correspond to the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  verify & classes would get metaclass when creating a metaclass class .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  verify   scale
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator to add an action to a method .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  get corresponding vm find find if not mandatory .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  initialize   package
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a catalog by name .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  a convenience method to call the standalone command .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  call   create
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  calculate the inverse of fit for cov based on a cluster .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  null   cluster

test:  return true if mode is from a character special device file .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  searches the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  matches   matches

test:  if you need to filter a proper @json or email address .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  query   query

test:  restful crud controller - could be used for people by skill - used for people by skill .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  warn the warning .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return a list of users in the current user .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  list   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  spartist limited -- search spotify spotify spotify spotify .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  walk the whitelist .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  create a tracked files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the set of level info that are determined in the given property .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   set
truth:  makes   a

test:  sends the push course update .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  send   send
truth:  sends   a

test:  build an egg archive into a list of egg .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  build   a
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  returns the group id for a group .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  gets   request
truth:  given   a

test:  returns analyzer connection to a localhost .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  initiate a topic in a topic .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  flask   a
truth:  document   document

test:  if possible .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  solc addresses .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  breaks   a
truth:  build   build

test:  called by the _inherit method in templates modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  returns true if a is older than or equal to b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  return the n-th n-th array .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  null   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  finder requires the equivalent to get index for index .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of roles of a member .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   request
truth:  return   return

test:  return the id for a given process and group name .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  find   module
truth:  convert   one

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   history
truth:  ensure   a

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  null   example

test:  separate connections from being a interface to bokeh-travis them into cartesian classes .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  takes   equivalent
truth:  show   show

test:  enable concurrency checks .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  format a signature signature as a string .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  function   format
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the path to the current script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the markdown notebook for the current thread .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  normalize css statistics to a file .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  print   column
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  return the error function that return results of the input string .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set the release for the :func:id_srand .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  run   check
truth:  specified   tag

test:  encode path into utf-8 path .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  null   unicode_data
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a new datastore views .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   polynomials
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  retrieve an index for the provided schema .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the current request has associated with the given request .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a list of dictionaries to a numpy array .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   python

test:  test that mixin works with column names .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  add   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert string into a boolean .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  string   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorator that automatically do a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  install or remove an installed model .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an iterator over the keys of a dictionary .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  obj   object
truth:  substitute   values

test:  this view is for use in main .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  executes   handler
truth:  noop   noop

test:  compile the arguments .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  arg   a
truth:  takes   args

test:  remove all memory from the buffer .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  analyze   analyze
truth:  get   meta

test:  same as test_url_req_case_mismatch_file_index .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  null   names
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  create a search-enabled link .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  null   targets
truth:  function   function

test:  unpause when a string is clicked .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  serialize   null
truth:  resume   resume

test:  parse the tokens string into a space-separated list of tokens .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  string   string

test:  returns the spacing matrix to use for the vm .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation_function function .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  like :setting:task_annotations .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   linodes

test:  yields the sequence of segments .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate random string to use with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if the given html is html .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  convert a column name to a valid column name .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a paragraph text to a maximum of characters .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  run a command in a given file .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  load   a
truth:  skips   a

test:  flip fiducials points .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  drops   gaussian
truth:  order   order

test:  list all libraries available to the user .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the trace of a boolean .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return server version from varnishd -v cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   server
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  sets the dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group type access for specified type .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  equalize an image into composite or the shape of the image .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  be   image
truth:  return   image

test:  set a cache key to be used as an integer .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  helper function to base64 and quote a string .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  converts   decodes
truth:  compresses   a

test:  returns a short object containing the given key of its key .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  extract   helper
truth:  extract   null

test:  create an pid process .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   pid

test:  this method returns a configuration representing the vagrant configuration .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check a volume group by using the block special devices .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  initialize a issue counts for the issue in the review request .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initialize   histogram
truth:  initializes   null

test:  domain bits .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  output   null
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get hourly addresses for a top floatx .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  run   count
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  confine this module to windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  returns a simple dataset of the given tree .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  see   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  print the main security security image .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  run   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  runs   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  verify that two ranges are equal .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  a version of processs .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  print   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check if a link is a link .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  remove a file or directory .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  context manager to capture the object to stderr .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  override   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all computenodes .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  adjust the given variables so that the default preview .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  used   create
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the login url for the specified login view .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  construct   url
truth:  creates   a

test:  build a recursive requests from no instance .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  list   notification
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plotting psd at plot .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return a filter that return whether a cg has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write test data to file .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  parses the timestamp from a timestamp file .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   back
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return xprotect_reports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   iokit_registry
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of instructor tasks that contain the given course tasks .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a number of performance matrix from each row of the given number of each category .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  calls theorem .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy getaddrinfo from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  creates a active_tag thread .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  crash   a
truth:  configure   a

test:  executes a simple task configured on the local task .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create an existing profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the halfwave object .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  create an object from a file .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure that line gets appropriate columns .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  make   test
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  get a tree with the recommendation as a dict .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  gives   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieves the dbunserialize data from the database .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  uses   object
truth:  null   in

test:  converts an image to a stream .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  label   run
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return inverse of all datasets in pfx .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wait until a variable with the given variable to be used .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate by weeks .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get convex hull of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   bevel
truth:  get   get

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression slope .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  like   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats mapdict according to the non-default api .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  null   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  re-evaluate the application chart for js js .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on a signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   options
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  send an email .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  to   send
truth:  send   a

test:  test that the null string doesnt work .
truth: if a . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   a

test:  validate that value is a positive float or zero float or 0 .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  warn the missing microversion header required .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  host   add
truth:  log   a

test:  when a cohort is saved .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  emits   a

test:  nearest intersection of point .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  return   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a resource_type by key and resource .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  get   method
truth:  value   value

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test survives .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  evaluate the handler for either fromrepo or the given request and return the handler .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  null   functions
truth:  null   a

test:  create an app app .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   a

test:  find if a constraint table is unique .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  determines   find
truth:  find   find

test:  parse the given course_id and return it as a tuple .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test end of --help .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  end   null
truth:  end   end

test:  fixture that provides a blob can be used as encryption .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  test   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  connect a server to a given server .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  function   attempt
truth:  function   function

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check to see if the file exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  upload a file to a folder .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in __version__ .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  read   package
truth:  package   package

test:  encrypts an encrypted varblock file using the yiq randomsymbol .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  prints code information .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   like
truth:  print   a

test:  a helper function for _fixup_ins_del_tags; .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the number of cpu cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   count
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if if a function is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts cron into a list of cron objects .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  add the x intersections to the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   add
truth:  add   add

test:  retrieve the partition of an array at given axes .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  computes   reverse
truth:  slices   slices

test:  wraps a method to add "value" to a python function .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  null   function
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  a decorator to attach a method to a method .
truth: create a property . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  redirects to the user logs .
truth: takes request . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  request   request

test:  a simple 404 handler for a custom 404 error .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  used   calls
truth:  null   custom

test:  very simple registration method to render a replacement for use with the specified name .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  load a session file and return it in the request .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  this function is called every time in the github api .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  show   handler
truth:  get   a

test:  create a copy of a file or a target link .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  strips canonical info from a string .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   try

test:  returns true if dir has a base dir .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  return   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a boolean indicating if the named records are absent .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  records   a
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses the timestamp from a timestamp .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parses   parses

test:  this function defines a cloud force a cloud storage .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  null   method

test:  create a short signature .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  output   output

test:  compute the learn of a least squares .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test qute:log with a message and the decorated test .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  find the best match between param and the number of seconds .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  encoding   null
truth:  is   null

test:  exact quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  null   quotient
truth:  null   quotient

test:  determines if a string represents an int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   check

test:  convert a julian matrix to the current systems matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  oauth2 oauth2 dance .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  writes   build
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns a date for a field .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve the value of a remote user .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  retrieve   wrapper
truth:  add   a

test:  import the root stack .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  import   a
truth:  move   move

test:  a demonstration of pythons corpus .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  loads   paths
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns the url for the given context variable .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all the munin plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return the configuration directory path .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an object tag .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  class decorator that turns a clsid into a class .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  used   a
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the directory component of a path .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  null   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expandtabs -> string return a multiline version of the string .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a -tuple .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  null   in

test:  run an accepts-checked with a runner .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  rows   null
truth:  make   a

test:  get the updater by name .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create simple simple binding in running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  function   create
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if a path has a file or a directory containing a prefix .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  plot the mcmc trace from the local trace .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   traces

test:  this function does the current error in the error handler which turns all the default error into the error in the logs .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  fix   view
truth:  open   open

test:  parse the url and return the origin url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return the data points according to the expected der .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the column and add its keys to the prefix .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach total_watchers boolean to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  create the menu class for the given instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  is a type a type a type of a type .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  null   map
truth:  null   null

test:  ensures that the given file at the given ifname file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   a

test:  some pk .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  null   create
truth:  serializing   null

test:  local total_seconds function for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   python

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 [id|name] .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  text   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : before :(%) now:(%) changed:(%) .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create a new stonith stonith command for the pcs list_of_file_handles: args for creating the stonith keys running curve for creating stonith_id use with properties cib .
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   message
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the files stored on the symlinks environment cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a cherrypy basic auth header tool which back-end has access to missing basic access to missing missing * velocity .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   cherrypy
truth:  is   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  plot a figure results from a src show .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  show   images

test:  method to get the permalink ids from content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  look   action
truth:  get   get

test:  create a task object .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  train and train a dataset .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  write   tests
truth:  executes   null

test:  table with trailing spaces in row definition .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  test   encodes
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all services that are enabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the given event is in the event name the name of the event .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  ensure   event
truth:  null   null

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   current

test:  runs the application in a wsgi application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  start   start
truth:  like   like

test:  close the session object for the request session .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  returns a bool to indicate the availability of a debug module without doing it .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether this user can access to the given date .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  helper to assert that retains the getscreens() .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a string wrapped to create the python data type .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  print   verbose
truth:  print   print

test:  simple utility to check if the required preload is being installed .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   check

test:  instantiate and set the class of all infrastructure in a given builtin .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  clone   config
truth:  modify   methods

test:  filter otu table by samples from samples by samples .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  given   otu
truth:  filter   otu

test:  gprs complete section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  complete   request
truth:  null   null

test:  load existing frame url for existing frame .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  validate a project instance .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  ensure   null

test:  takes a list of api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return absolute path of installed packages .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  require   info
truth:  get   get

test:  url only minimal sanity po po should be ignored .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   null

test:  creates a new request .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  post   post

test:  hyperbolic series inversion of the series inversion .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  p   correlation
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  load a file and determine whether it exists .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  define   a

test:  return the storage repository without destroying the vdis within a vhds certificate .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  power the rabbitmq status .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  set   a
truth:  request   power

test:  a damped wrapper around the addon view .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  see   null
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function that returns the inline document for the building the tag name for the uploading uploading .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  null   text
truth:  return   return

test:  fabtools to run this test with statement .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  call   call

test:  get the application id .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dynamically obtain a string .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  output   a
truth:  token   token

test:  context manager to delete a temporary value from a temporary value .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  make   a
truth:  set   set

test:  check for logging module .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  check   up
truth:  check   check

test:  add a list of responses to the command .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  gets   json
truth:  see   null

test:  tests that hugs inline preprocessor correctly handles a string .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  checks for structured .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  or step .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  parses   no
truth:  ensure   null

test:  prepare the given flags .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  -   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all instrument devices in the track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  encodes a python binary string to plain format .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  check whether the mailchimp list in mailchimp and log entries to be edited based on the mailchimp .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  display the version of the specified kernel cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  return   os
truth:  get   get

test:  given a list of app classes .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  subscribes subscribes to a user with given user_id .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  records   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the viewpoint from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  returns a list of localizer .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  this function creates a uninitialized tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cache setting and merge it into the given destination .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  return console size and dictionary-like = terminal .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  convert a 255 components to a 255 color .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  walks   a

test:  check to see if a module is installed or can import .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  run a command with \n%s\n' .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  run   check
truth:  call   a

test:  find the called by the xpathselectors .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of order .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  validates the clip specified in a regular expression .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   null

test:  delete a flavor from a metadata file .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  initialize a process to be executed .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  expands directories and continuous prefix to given output .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  is   null

test:  table designed for humans table designed for humans line .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  text   input
truth:  read   read

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  load a template from a template .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  load   template
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks the name of the datastore .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  displays the gaussian mean of a gaussian freesurfer_home in the make .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  given a comment and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  location updating reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  instructs   null
truth:  updating   location

test:  collect all attributes of the objects in an est .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   replace
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a data mac address .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  used   data
truth:  null   mac

test:  add a cryptographically-strong for a list of cryptographically-strong .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  imports   add
truth:  execute   null

test:  registers this function to create the registration .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  register   kill
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  returns the logged of the api .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  shut down the windows namespace .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  text   text

test:  set a single format format format where the format is compatible with the expected format .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a new channels that can be used as compatible with the given source code .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  null   a
truth:  do   null

test:  a context manager to mock transformers .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  test   mocks
truth:  context   manager

test:  check if node is configured on the node .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   subscription

test:  get the global notification type for a user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a directory for the given directory .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format a block into a list of block objects .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  return the cache capacity from the cache .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  create   create

test:  load the cpunish data and return a dataset class .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   data
truth:  load   load

test:  returns something with version from ini .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  load   configuration
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representation of the content of the array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  aggregate   a
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load this module if the augeas execution module is available .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  ensure that all gis pairs that have been gis in the country .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  get   default
truth:  default   default

test:  initialize all pooling term .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  init   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the cron group and path to the group .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the short version of raw as a string .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  formats   a

test:  unregister an email hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   send
truth:  unregister   null

test:  given a field name .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all available vm sizes .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of plugins .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  plugin   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  function to decorate tests .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  to   test
truth:  mark   method

test:  get the keyring keyring of the pool .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  get   create
truth:  is   keyring

test:  this function creates an index document for x**n types .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  create   create
truth:  slices   slices

test:  redefine a direct direct direct .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  transform   configures
truth:  compute   compute

test:  toggle the widget to private widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  handle   request
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_declarator : lparen lparen identifier_list rparen rparen rparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  update the subsection task for a subsection .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  updates   wrapper
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  try to print help help string .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check filter_words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  return all possible entries within the miscs .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  updates   attributes
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open a python file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  waits for the service to return the specified service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  complete   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  return the socket object .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  download   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  fetches versions from git revision .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  return   version
truth:  get   version

test:  copy entries from arr to sort entries in arr .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  files   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : numlist ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  null   null

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  removes accents from a string .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  strip   python
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  add two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin take elements from iterables in a round-robin fashion .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  take   null
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  clean a filename into .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  format the status for a github status .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  helper function to cache the vo service .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  queries   use
truth:  is   null

test:  computes an expression filled with gaussian .
truth: add i . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  add   i

test:  encode a port range range(port_max & ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  straight argelif .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  eg etag .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  executes   flask
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of language objects from the specific language .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  return   module
truth:  module   module

test:  read api keys starting at the given namespace .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  start   attributes
truth:  url   url

test:  implements the address in rfc 2822 addresses .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that bad delimiter can be instantiated .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test fortran-style .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  tell   url
truth:  test   test

test:  function to convert like shape into power division .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  function   function

test:  compresses a value from a given file .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  emit   a
truth:  function   function

test:  run the command line and return a file in the file .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  command   compute
truth:  executes   null

test:  return a consistent chart using a dataset in a dataset class .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  text   a
truth:  create   a

test:  idd id of a real matrix to a specified numpy array .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   linear
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  tests that multinomial of expected samples are of expected mean .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  ensure the named grafana users is absent name the name of the user to remove users delete .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  check whether a short number is a carrier number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if path can be a tarfile type .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  this function creates an open hostname or a fully hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  to   generic
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  null   messages
truth:  null   null

test:  destroys a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroys   a

test:  pick data from an auxiliary channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   pick

test:  always return false .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  return   a
truth:  do   null

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  detaches a new disk to be used .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  function   size
truth:  function   function

test:  copy data to a temporary directory .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  backup   element
truth:  copy   copy

test:  internal function to connect to a certificate .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  null   method

test:  get output summary information for some info .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  print   get
truth:  null   column

test:  return the version of portaudio .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the receiver given in the futures .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  resizes a list of functions of each item in the iterable .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  context manager that turns all preferred plugins into the specified plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  context   api
truth:  null   contexts

test:  given a datetime .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  null   change
truth:  return   return

test:  generates a generator of nodes from order .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a textual status .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  return   null
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  only load if grafana is available .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   virtual
truth:  return   statistics

test:  runs the modules in the given settings .
truth: execute app . 
test:  null   module
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull out the data in the given file .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   salt
truth:  pull   salt

test:  check that the given name matches the given criteria .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  remove photos from the episodes in the browser .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   contacts
truth:  remove   a

test:  fetch the lyricswiki .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  use netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  use   processes
truth:  use   threads

test:  returns a list of recipients addresses of recipients or review addresses .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  return   return

test:  fail unless the given package contains the given package .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  checks if the given logger is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  generate mock task id .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  changes   bytes
truth:  -   -

test:  keeps the item from iterable .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  list   a
truth:  count   count

test:  create a nn model type .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt1 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  displays whether time is on or off :return: a string representing the currently supported time :rtype: string representing the current time :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  get   get

test:  load a dataset from a master in the chassis .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  loads   create
truth:  parse   a

test:  updates resolved metadata .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  authenticate   contacts
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes the specified firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  variant of a url .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  create a new repo repository .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  command   information
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  return an http url to the given http url .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  get   get

test:  closes the first entries of a theano dot .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  fixes   theano
truth:  output   output

test:  used to test if user has deleted .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  return   check
truth:  calculates   null

test:  install osx .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  install   a
truth:  to   setup

test:  returns a deprecated package for a text file .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  remove   module
truth:  return   a

test:  this function updates the first exchanges of a functions with a percentiles of the given function/callable .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  ok ok conditions .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  signal   use
truth:  handle   a

test:  show the version of ~ssl .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  show   netmiko
truth:  show   show

test:  loads a plugin path from the given zip file .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  load   generate
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach a block volume name to a server .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  symbolically an existing usercontributionsmodel domain .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  cache   checks
truth:  commits   a

test:  returns a callback to be used when an system is loaded .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  callback   create
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  doing a sorted array .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  return   attributes
truth:  sort   sort

test:  callback to handle merging nodes by choosing .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  sort an http header by http nicer .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  sort   return
truth:  sorted   get

test:  clear the package from the tracker .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return an serializable-as-pem name .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  like   a
truth:  add   a

test:  convert the compiler version of a compiler to a compiler .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  simply returns true if the user has no threading to one .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  outputs   iterator
truth:  prompt   users

test:  read the type of field from the current stack .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   null

test:  get current track .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   video
truth:  get   current

test:  return the name of the named instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  return   number
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  recursively generate nodes inferred by the python statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function that function is order to function for the order of the sections in order to have the order of their start at the end of the order .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return common expecting in integration .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a reverse b-spline around the list of prime b-spline .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  apply a rule to all of its results .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  compose   a

test:  create an index for testing .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  create   create

test:  join a host string into a user object .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  build   get
truth:  turns   null

test:  save save rate in a audio interface .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  run   move
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the thru .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  saves configuration file to json .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  content   configuration
truth:  save   configuration

test:  calculate the objective objective function for a given precision .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  scaling   helper
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  create a test suite for the provided test suite .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate an qual string from the set of args .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the preferred channel .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  show   send
truth:  send   send

test:  fixture to mock the request .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  stubs   fixture
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return an xml revision revision from a repository and unquoted it in the received directory .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  null   create
truth:  create   create

test:  configure rules with the remote host .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion from the bayesian distribution .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get a dictionary of subclass strings .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  return   script
truth:  null   classes

test:  compile a file .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  compile   *
truth:  does   null

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  converts stringifed results into a json array .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  takes   entity
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns a reference to a python source type .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  returns   field_type
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load a resource from a file .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  load   a
truth:  file   file

test:  a decorator that adds a function to returns a decorator .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find a backup by id .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   generator
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  only make a connection .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  initialize   callback
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generates a class with the specified numpy .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  populate   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  generates numpy data of a flattened set .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  given   version
truth:  constructs   a

test:  converts relative time to binary string .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read the page from file .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  tag   page
truth:  read   read

test:  login to the znc module with the given session and logout .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  show   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get all object or raise if namespace or object doesnt exist .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  least fit a sample from the fit .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  null   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  sets the version for the project to be used in the current window .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  getrandomnumber:long return true if a particular song is a user-defined prime number .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an in-memory in-memory email .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  null   namespace
truth:  to   factory

test:  delete a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a path to a cache directory .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  remove   find
truth:  am   am

test:  print a warning to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  print   print
truth:  prints   a

test:  parses exponent from source .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  null   null
truth:  end   end

test:  convert a sequence of strings to one .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  fail either the attribute of the message .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  create a dictionary with the specified configuration in the config file .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  test   helper

test:  convert string into an integer .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get or set the radial ticklines lines on a polar layer .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given 2 .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  given   null

test:  used to recursively copy a directory from the salt master cli example: .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns true if an event reports reports can be configured with the specified part .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  rewrite   a
truth:  to   changes

test:  force all available tables .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  drops   configuration
truth:  force   force

test:  wrapper to print to a tty .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  to   a
truth:  string   string

test:  set the global entry registry to use for the currently configured entry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  check if pandas is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  if   check
truth:  function   function

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  helper function to ecdf .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  create   k
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an rpm package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add input arguments to an existing document .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check to see if the given region have the minimum env instances .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  check   null
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return details about the server url : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  builds   tasks
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato sensor .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a message from a catalog catalog into a catalog .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns list of file items in a iterable .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   items

test:  remove signals from the senderkey .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  print a list of page missing missing revision .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new vmwareapisessions object .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  group sums by default .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   page
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos to the billedopprotos to the map .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  check for postscript in the file system .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   activation
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate the peaks that is depending on the given grayscale image .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  find   corners

test:  given an object .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an umc module object prepared for editing an object .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  make   logger
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the created model .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  update   update

test:  downloads an results format .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  dates   a
truth:  download   download

test:  this decorator aborts that a decorated method in the timing execution .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing area update request section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  routing   area

test:  load a file from the specified file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  convert a files from a list of dictionaries to a python dictionary .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   method

test:  reads docker-compose for docker representations in the docker-compose file .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   try
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different different different different different feature .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  constant-time string a theano examples .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wrap a method with closed in the class .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disconnect signal from sender to gradient gradient .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   sys
truth:  testing   sys

test:  return dictionary mapping of numbers to frame numbers .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  make   create
truth:  construct   null

test:  this decorator takes a function or a function as deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  view   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  list hypervisor that are available to a list .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   adjust
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  returns the version string with whitespace in the given version .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  convert   version
truth:  create   a

test:  revision check memoization from db .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  null   redis
truth:  get   current

test:  return a table with keys from an unknown table .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   table

test:  command : next id equals expr to expr optstep .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if path is absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  test   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the remaining edge hashtable .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  like list .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a volume type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ban user akismet submissions and cleanup for ban a user .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   page

test:  returns the mapping of usernames data based on usernames names .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  check the expected contents of expected contents of expected trailing text .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  text   check
truth:  check   check

test:  regression test for an issue raised if a row contains no duplicates .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a json-encoded file and return a arguments: uri .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the connections and vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  actor focused activity stream for a user .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  index   page
truth:  focused   user

test:  convenience method works with string .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a string to be used as a javascript string .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  null   string
truth:  formats   a

test:  yaml: intf send test results in intf plots .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  null   remote
truth:  run   run

test:  helper function to normal random integer from a tensor .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  perform   like
truth:  sample   sample

test:  create a url string for a given endpoint .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  build   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a decimal value for a decimal or tuple .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  dump message immediately to stdout .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   message
truth:  log   log

test:  returns the first largest first colors .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate the template navigation if it doesnt be used .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  load   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a makes sure that a datastore record has been added to the datastore .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  make   a
truth:  access   access

test:  {% = po callback invoked after the server is stopped .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  command   callback
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  return true if the variable is undefined .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  return   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  time from an time until a time encodes a time formats .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  stop   time
truth:  converts   a

test:  require a authentication decorator .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this function returns a list of directories that can be used to override this module .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the number of singular addresses of singular values .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  see   null

test:  checks that the projects language is created .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  require   create
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed an album into the specified album .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   mask
truth:  embed   album

test:  convert a dictionary .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   sort
truth:  convert   argument

test:  list nat rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  list   return
truth:  list   list

test:  check if a command is bind or if it looks like a linux .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  elementwise sigmoid logistic function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  null   propagation

test:  generate a django fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the md5sum for the given summary .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  returns   maps
truth:  did   null

test:  convert a pandas bundle name to a target bundle name .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  convert   none
truth:  read   a

test:  return a directory to try to create the directory of the master directory .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  try to extract http basic credentials from request .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  check that grammar methods with values raises valueerror when bad .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  check   test
truth:  null   attrs

test:  returns true if the component_filter based on the problems tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the variable is uppercased .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  initialize the users full kernel module .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   up

test:  cleans up a string of cyclic metasploit metasploit .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  get auth to use in publicdef .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  forces   handler
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of tu from source in source .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  look   wrap
truth:  obtain   a

test:  returns the requested xml definition from the given metadata .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  adds   calls
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes sure that a cholesky() for a file .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  disables   command
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  convert permanences .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  python kernel for use during base class .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  add   a

test:  send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are up and run it as a network execute .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  to   send
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree in the trees which match the trees in the trees .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to find an element in the leftmost handler .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  text   find
truth:  handle   handle

test:  direct_declarator : struct_or_union id semi .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  skip an because test that when cov_matrix is true .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure the given configuration name the name of the state to be enabled .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   update
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a mapping of index names to keys .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  lower(s) -> string return a copy of the string s with leading whitespace removed .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  null   one
truth:  get   one

test:  determine at a given image .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets up the config file for the test .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  to   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return data to process the data folder for files .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  create   sample
truth:  return   return

test:  decompress iterator on iterator of stream .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  null   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  create a parent connection object from the specified parent storage .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  record   record

test:  the main view function that used when no django error %} .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  test   page
truth:  test   test

test:  get all deleted rules for the provided host .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  get   instance
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator that checks if derived from a derived node .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  null   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  load   a
truth:  import   a

test:  check processing device .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  command   remove
truth:  callback   callback

test:  restores restores tags from the database .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  like   return
truth:  return   return

test:  like getattr .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  like   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  get a git from the current parameters .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  this function returns a handle to be used in a main process directory .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  object   object

test:  runs ctc beam algorithm on each beam element .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  return a list of available keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  null   members
truth:  list   list

test:  change the users home phone cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  compute   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  wraps a simple finishes method in the exit of the response .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  func   test
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all files names in this vmware environment .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   current

test:  returns the size of the disk for a linode .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  process   access
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like getattr .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  to   obj
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a json list of pairing included into another .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  show all config .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all the folders under folder paths need to folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper to create response headers .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  create   response

test:  cast numpy type to a numpy type .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  cast   cast

test:  fix replace and fix replace replace replace 32 with 64bit replace replace replace replace for 64bit replace replace extra entities .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  delete an http container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   equivalent
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for a condition to return true .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  execute the system cloud time the vm cli example: .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  helper to provide a warning warning warning warning .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  class decorator that ensures that a dummy class by the dummy class .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  request   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password password .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the arp table contents .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve the document and check the status of the provided typename .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list all updates that have been multipath .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  working   list
truth:  null   null

test:  writes a template string to pathlib and return as a pathlib file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  this is a simple function that wraps a custom model in a simple model class to be included in a custom model to allow other course_key .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  to   x
truth:  create   a

test:  process the faces .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  groups tokens that have compiled beginning .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   groups

test:  create a new model instance .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: shining execute a shining plugin without adds the build plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:delivery execute plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a key into a string representation .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expr : expr plus expr | expr minus expr | expr times expr | expr divide expr .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  expr   expr

test:  perform a precision function using the given precision .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  get   convert
truth:  round   round

test:  remove a blaze key from an expression .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  create   a

test:  perform morphological cartesian validation of arrays .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  null   version
truth:  generate   a

test:  extract the laplacian code code at the given word .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  used   label
truth:  code   code

test:  convert group id to a string for datastore .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  convert   json
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets a specific rollback rollback .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  adds an entity by updating it with the given operation type .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  call   call

test:  compute evoked as a pair of data .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   expr
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  returns a gradient with circle at time points .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  null   bootstrap
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return the line graph of the graph g .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  return   nodes
truth:  apply   apply

test:  http response .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse out the openid response .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return data to a memcache data store .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   data

test:  find the longest .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  finds   details
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the users contact that is currently deleted .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  default   function
truth:  fills   in

test:  get a list of notifications for which the github modules is marked as .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   notifications

test:  method used by picking when an old method name is used .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  implements   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  support function to floats the correct numeric ndarray into numpy format .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  promote   im1

test:  left is a sql clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  is   null

test:  stop all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  recover   null
truth:  activate   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of nested objects into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker plugin .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  configure   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  checks to see if an ssh url is an ssh url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test that glyphs outside of glyphs .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  loading   loading

test:  returns a uri corresponding to the given template .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  transform legacy uri into the uri .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  build   list
truth:  transform   a

test:  check to make sure the bug bug of numpy labels .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  calculate detrend detrend linear linear arrays .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   y
truth:  return   x

test:  get the kernel info of the minion .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  the reader should give the reader if the field is large .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   testing
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return art url from an album .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   art

test:  should use list of root view .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  validates   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  determine whether the jones given by the similarity between the three wildcard .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  parse   distance
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns a model class by inserting the given list: type .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  convert a "surrogateescape" property into a string representation .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  to   transform
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator to wrap a variable to a variable .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  check if a user can delete an author .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  determines if a given url can view the post tag .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  to   try

test:  returns the number of workers that are available .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the users terminal .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  used   function

test:  returns list of format modules found in the order of the format modules .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  looks for custom analyze .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  remove   title
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl mem_fence() example: # local memory stub .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   callable
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a two exits to and from the two rooms .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the number of numbers of the specified number .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  return   one
truth:  null   method

test:  remove the xml element .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  xml   xml
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return the current uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  use a simple function to retrieve a listing of soap sequences based on the specified formatting .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  send   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return the list of all nics for the specified vm .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  get   descriptions
truth:  create   network

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  update   update
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  remove current auth .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  inspect   info
truth:  existing   list

test:  get all the flattened from nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate a b-spline or its derivatives .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  put   remove
truth:  find   find

test:  write the metadata header to a pil image .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  create   a
truth:  enrich   null

test:  remove trailing whitespace from the string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return an album field for a specific plugins .
truth: as above . 
test:  return   dict
truth:  null   null

test:  release media instance in media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  decrement   media
truth:  get   media

test:  helper function to find a list of guests names in the intenum .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  use this function to get font pids of a vector: vector: .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get all services belonging to a binary .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   services

test:  use a comparison function to test the pytables function .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  using   test
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalize dataframe by issubset .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  normalize   function
truth:  replace   series

test:  hashes prefixes into a list of prefixes .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  doctest-safe the user from the 405 api .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize server .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  return the inverse of a .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  copies   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  test label sign when source is read and sign them .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  label   label

test:  return the most similar entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  insert the specified data from all returners .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the about the about the given vim .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  append an argumentparser to a line .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  remove   version
truth:  handles   handles

test:  return an instance of objects with class name .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  single transaction denied page .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  render   reports
truth:  denied   user

test:  generate an array of device like ary .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  create   null
truth:  call   cuda

test:  convert an restructuredtext code string in congruent order to rst .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  returns a template object that can be used to get the python module .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  get   load
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  null   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  find the minimum of the values of an input array .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  null   find
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  toggle the mouse from the event .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   rank
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  decorator that checks the field of keyword arguments and the positional positional arguments are equal to the same arguments in keyword arguments to the given expression .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  like   like

test:  get the line <url .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes menu menu .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  parses a number of bytes from a number .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  expects   null

test:  create a new action instance that use threaded threaded .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  send a message to the boolean indication .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of objects that are objects for the given service instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add entities in a custom custom fields to a list of entities .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  flatten   sort
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given permissions has controller .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   controller

test:  returns a string that does the actual te .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  poweroff a running system .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the divergence of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   algorithm
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create new steps class from a list of steps .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  null   load
truth:  decorates   a

test:  main function .
truth: open stream . 
test:  function   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return a string representing the keys of a resource .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  filters an iterator that return all errors from the given set of errors .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  given   filter
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  command   command

test:  convert points to a mapping file .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  convert   dict
truth:  normalize   a

test:  launch the proposals code of a given imdb .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  runs   images
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  test that a base urljoin function does not make these voor closure base .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  test   null
truth:  url   url

test:  remove leading whitespace from a string .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  string   string

test:  send a mongodb fail .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  get   return
truth:  run   a

test:  permanently attach a minions instance .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  list   a
truth:  add   add

test:  returns true iff the last modification of a path .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  read docstrings from lang-specific in docstrings format .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   in

test:  set a function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  attribute an attribute name or object attribute .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  create an openstack object cli example: .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  this method checks to make sure the response is run on a response .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the firewall .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that any exception support arent raised correctly .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  passing   a
truth:  check   check

test:  delete a config file .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns true if the given node has been resolved .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  create   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an iterator over all possible items in an iterable .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  s   utility
truth:  return   return

test:  detach an elb name .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  given   a
truth:  detach   elb

test:  returns the protocol in the given data .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  left   api
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of motion .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reverse the keys of a dictionary .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a color to a hex color string .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  takes   rgb
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  decorate a function that just restricted access content after the given request .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  make   null
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a status message to stderr or the console status .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  md5 md5 hash algorithm to compute the md5 hash .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  null   request
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute silhouette with silhouette of continuous size .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  score   add
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert binary coding into integer .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   binary

test:  run quiet on all command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   wrapper
truth:  run   a

test:  set up the insteon sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  move global vehicle in direction and returns the vehicle in direction for direction direction .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   vehicle
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  check if pip show show show show a short .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  init norm algorithm .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  null   init
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  get the set of current index from the network table .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  inputs   a

test:  asserts that all the values in *choices* have the given css type .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  assert   like
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create tp tp with identical parameters .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  adds etags to prefix and produce fully-qualified names .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  subtract labeled labeled from f .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return the line without importing it .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  computes   checking
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   return
truth:  list   list

test:  construct an instance of signify from a comma-separated one .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  read   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the dns subnet for this subnet .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  get   get

test:  set default credentials for aws credentials .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  encoding   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  configures or remove remote put to remote remote url .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  updates   up
truth:  does   null

test:  sign a username in username .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  initiate   delete
truth:  set   set

test:  list all repos in the repository configuration files .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read source spaces from a fif file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  strip leading and trailing empty lines from a string .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  trailing   remove
truth:  text   text

test:  replace long arguments by their 4-char arguments .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   compute
truth:  replace   long

test:  return recent recent order by user .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  send an exploration to a new exploration .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  sends   emails
truth:  send   send

test:  return list of methods of obj to all users methods .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a string to hex bytes .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  string   unicode
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the executable is in the console mode .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  build   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string to a string .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  determine which devices is devices .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extracts the value from the linux distribution .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parse   requests
truth:  parses   parses

test:  attach a server and port to a server .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  to   a
truth:  define   null

test:  given a path .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  commit provisions controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to a url -> url?p1=v1&p2=v2 url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist varlist | stmt .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   varlist

test:  check if the action is access to the given action .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  check   accept
truth:  calls   calls

test:  test creating a method type from a method type .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  null   gl
truth:  creates   a

test:  given the output of theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  renders a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  render   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  returns a list of formats for the given formats .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  return dictionary of pkg pairs .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  takes   get
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from proxmox concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  finds all items in an iterable that is the same items of which predicate returns true .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  finds   implementation
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available endpoints cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  discretize subpixel accuracy of the oversample with small set of compilable in kubemaster .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   regression
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  return the given html with all entities stripped .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  this sets a management command .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  command   endpoint
truth:  execute   django

test:  return the path to the heads file .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  escape markdown .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  generates   markdown
truth:  text   text

test:  use this decorator to wrap a method so that it can be used as the test runner .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the lxc container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   monitor
truth:  setup   setup

test:  remove a file .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  call   null
truth:  call   call

test:  wraps a method so that it accepts attributes when the attributes of the new-style interpreter .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  constructs   test
truth:  use   use

test:  ensures that the log table with the provided log table .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  send   create
truth:  step   definition

test:  returns a list of .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  read   a
truth:  find   find

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  run   entry
truth:  start   celery

test:  checks if an explicit snippet exists .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  scan the import signatures of the list of import .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scan   value
truth:  scans   null

test:  run the transformation .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  verifies   append
truth:  test   initialization

test:  a toy specs function that returns the string representation of the given string .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  return   return

test:  run a python interactive command .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  command   python
truth:  run   python

test:  add expressions to a expression .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a date string in format to a string .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  parse   block
truth:  convert   date

test:  return the default extension .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary by derivation .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of a flow .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return iterator of all edges in g .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall an npm package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on the given blur .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  to   method
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a list of datapath dpid from the dpid .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  input   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the access path of an attribute .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   a

test:  return all possible unflatten from 2 nodes .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  list   a
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function computes the distances along the given curve .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a qualified qualified name .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  formats text level for use in a human-readable api .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  null   freshdesk
truth:  create   a

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   null
truth:  display   a

test:  change brightness 1 .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the that is the edges of the graph g .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a datetime protobuf to a python datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if the string is a valid ipv4 name .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the specified location using http 304 status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  register the python registers handler .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  generates a random api key .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <mean_absolute_error> .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  computes   find
truth:  null   median

test:  compute the special sparse matrix .
truth: computes np . 
test:  null   graph
truth:  computes   np

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the power that can be found in the range .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  lists   find
truth:  count   count

test:  return the endpoint of the purchase that is currently active .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that the value is a category .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  ensure   validates
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns random string in length of groups .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  registers this function in the python 2 .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   replace
truth:  register   register

test:  get the attribute of an attribute .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  attribute   null
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  this is the future version of the app .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  pull   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  url this should be tested minimally minimally .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  run   url
truth:  function   function

test:  create and return blocklist file for blocklist .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  return   a

test:  compute spherical bessel function jn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure a value exists in the cluster node can be run on a node with a given value pair .
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test custom context for custom context .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ask   test

test:  return init norm .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  null   convolution
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  works   null
truth:  work   work

test:  register all instances hooks hooks for repository .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  register   register

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  import   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   a
truth:  file   file

test:  output the context for a given python source .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  parses timeseries from a timeseries file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  get doctypes of a given doc or deleted .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  parse   permissions
truth:  returns   a

test:  populate the path .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   function

test:  returns true/false .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  check a password against a given password and password against a password .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check parallel predict .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   feature
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  return status of a task .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  determine   data
truth:  returns   task

test:  accept the metadata for 1986 to use as an event .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  inspect   metadata
truth:  create   create

test:  decorate a function to run a rpc .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  test test simple test set up common streams to test cases .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  sets   up
truth:  set   up

test:  this function returns true if the passed value is astropys .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  solve the gauss-hermite polynomials .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test the functionality for the functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   app

test:  reset the prefixer for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  set   set

test:  conditionally conditionally send an email to a queue .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  shortcut   mail
truth:  null   queue

test:  get all user subscriptions for the update .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a json snippet .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  get   pretty
truth:  process   json

test:  unittest runner .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  install a file reference .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  force   solve
truth:  set   set

test:  dispatch to a given pages .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prepares a deco object to make it output to the output api .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  get the he nodes .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  print   keys

test:  remove the cibfile login cli example: .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  delete   user

test:  generate the date tuples in source .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  takes a tree tree like twine .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   a

test:  the test function that polynomial has just 100 .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to start a user interface for a user interface .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  test vi control-v style cli connecting to vi .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  null   json
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  find the bw power of an input image in kernel .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  crops parameters from collection .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the root mean squared error of the array .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove flavor access from project .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  given   remove

test:  saves response data to a specified request .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  request   tuple
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  remove all figure in closed axis .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  remove   lines

test:  replace the standard configuration .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  build   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  resize a directory at python source location .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  using   resize

test:  remove error files .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  write   a
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns a list of all mpkg ids in the specified package .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  package   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  get pyo data in format .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  read   return
truth:  file   file

test:  this method updates the accounts into a given accounts .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  stack   remove
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  list system-wide activity products for a user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   shows
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert iso8601 iso8601 format date to native datetime objects .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the current deprecated name .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses a range header into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   request
truth:  parses   a

test:  prints the metric .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sort a list of header values .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for a table to make a table dispatch via the unix table .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  tell   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  search for area in a fits location .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  null   event
truth:  return   return

test:  accepts a datetime object as a timestamp .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  query   null
truth:  utc   utc

test:  compute the number of complex values of a hermitian function .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  check   implementation
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  rgb to hex color space conversion .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  convert   rgb
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a sparse tensor variable with zero or more tensor .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  fit a comma-separated key with the provided key .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  to   list
truth:  learn   a

test:  set current clock clock .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  package   iterator
truth:  sets   sets

test:  local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  return   image
truth:  null   image

test:  sends an apns notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  run the test .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  construct   setup
truth:  to   runner

test:  iterate over all child nodes of an iterator .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  val a str that has a keys in the following namespace .
truth: given a key . 
test:  list   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a string is older than seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  takes the links that has been updated and cleaned dependencies .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json severities model representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   events
truth:  get   events

test:  return file name .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   url
truth:  return   return

test:  check that value is a valid description .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  check   null
truth:  value   value

test:  returns list of fields from tweet .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   field

test:  generates operator for front-end .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split ordering in ordering of ordering .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check when a qdatastream status completes .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  test   place
truth:  make   null

test:  helper method to check the single executable .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   null

test:  extract the id and segments from the provided token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  given   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a new collection id .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns precision precision from currency .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  return   precision
truth:  get   precision

test:  returns the cost product of the cost for an expresseion .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the matrix multiplication .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  correlation   n
truth:  compute   camera

test:  only make sure all root tags from the syslog .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  used   null
truth:  run   run

test:  build a class instance from a dict .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  test   function
truth:  logging   logging

test:  checks if terms are identical .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  compare   check
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the quadratic function for a possibly floating point .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generates the public keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   rsa
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  a simple replacement for the configuration matches .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  to   translate
truth:  null   decorator

test:  context manager to change the docs when a class is run .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  install   a
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  slugify an isolating path .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  updates public config for a given type .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  calls   mail
truth:  set   http

test:  remove a lock from a document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  lock   a

test:  helper function to split the netmask into local netmask .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  work   run
truth:  run   run

test:  find the first photo of the vfs .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  open   a
truth:  expands   null

test:  create an attribute from the internal attribute dictionary .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  import a repo to import .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  run   a
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   returns
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for empty fields in the primer header .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  used   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the insort where to right list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  maps   version
truth:  insert   item

test:  train a single solver solver .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  place   use
truth:  train   a

test:  return union of items in baselist .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  return   a
truth:  combine   null

test:  creates python python app object in seconds since the environment is valid .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  create   content
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a package with a new site .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  parse   update
truth:  remote   remote

test:  cast the given value into a python schema .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  filename   value
truth:  value   value

test:  mako mako .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  null   function
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  truncate a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  check if the value is a sequence .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  extract information about the swapcached memory .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  a function to convert a closest parts to a given short .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  find   find

test:  converts from ascii text to rgb integers .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a namespace or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a png box for the given matplotlib .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  create   create
truth:  given   null

test:  read all html files contained in the current request .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   certificates
truth:  return   return

test:  execute a command .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  call   command
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns a 1-d array of ones with 1s and dtype .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  like   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator to update page to page .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  null   update
truth:  create   a

test:  stop the curry model running in the specified model .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   null

test:  make migrations for the tarball .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   database

test:  return the labeller labeller given the symbol .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update the git repository .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  get   check
truth:  update   update

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sends a message on a topic .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  wraps   null

test:  run the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  null   partitions
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a numeric version of tag names .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  splits   return
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the command to be used .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  run   one
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  return a short summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function returning returning completions returning a new rational returning slicer slicer function returning returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   new

test:  simple view to format the handler according to the webob view .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  function   schedule
truth:  to   helper

test:  helper for integer integer list .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  get and add an indexed segment from the other vertex .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs the virtual environment into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  displays a plugin plugin .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  index   error
truth:  render   render

test:  retrieves all alert addresses found in the pr .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  create a new cmac object .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  takes a list of chart and returns a filter chart .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  clean up the stubs in the stubs .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  cleanup   up
truth:  do   null

test:  returns an object from a string .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  proportions of pairs of pairs test for proportions of pairs .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   ascii
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  reads the location from the git .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   field
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves a general order linear differential equation with the coefficients of the coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  class decorator that should be used to decorate a class to avoid methods .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  to   function

test:  find the hypervisors likelihood of order n .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a base 36 string to an integer .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  check if the tp contains any tp .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a fixed fixed value .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   create
truth:  log   a

test:  catch-all a box to the system until the given id has been marked as an ordereddict .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  click   click

test:  transform a sequence of crap strings into a base64-encoded code .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  expand   waits
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  get the most recently set .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the inverse of the maximum elements of a .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  null   precision
truth:  null   a

test:  reject the fairness for a numeric experiment .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  perform   sequence
truth:  using   null

test:  removes a nexusport binding from a switch .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  read comments from a coordinate .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  read   worksheet
truth:  given   a

test:  read more file from a link to html .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  inserts   links
truth:  insert   insert

test:  build a configuration from a list of option .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  build   implementation
truth:  converts   converts

test:  description is uppercased .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  import   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   points
truth:  points   points

test:  return true if n can be prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  performs a few rotation of rotation theta .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  performs   create
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  creates a new segments with elements obtained by the specified points .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  create   create
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function to unituple python constant object .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  fill   policy
truth:  create   a

test:  delete an api .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  complete   calls
truth:  declares   null

test:  parse flowgrams clustering in the csrf- file .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  parse   wrapper
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  get the scheme from the user .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  null   example
truth:  send   send

test:  return a tuple of the list of functools-wrappable attributes on which holds the given list of values .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  indent a indentation lines with a string .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  null   function
truth:  indent   a

test:  usage: dbref this function works ok ok dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  return the list of undeclared from the list of nodes .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  to   names
truth:  if   check

test:  return the home directory for an associated project .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  used   app
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the nibbles character .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  return   encoding
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the current openshift secret key .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  generate toolbox .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  generate   matching
truth:  is   null

test:  use step specific to use matcher str .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  set   call
truth:  change   change

test:  given a diff .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  prints   output
truth:  takes   null

test:  just check if the next character is in the next time .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  ensures that we can create a time from a string .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  make   null

test:  custom view decorator to measure features .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the virtual switch property spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  build   geonode
truth:  builds   null

test:  test %reset db .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a file: path to a file path .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns source string of a source code .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  null   processing
truth:  extracts   null

test:  creates a list of positional arguments reproducing the specified subset of plain arguments .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  format   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available kernel colours .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  null   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  waits for the service to return the specified service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  detach   unicode
truth:  stop   stop

test:  create a new unpublish server in use .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make a palette that will be deleted .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  make   color
truth:  set   set

test:  return true if the object has a parent of new-style basepath .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  check   find
truth:  if   checks

test:  show module of a multibody to be module .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  given   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  returns true if point is in point .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  if   null

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to return true if the two lists are unique .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  null   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  compare the table names of all tests in exact table .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  calculate   column
truth:  if   test

test:  returns true if the given keys has trie .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  collect ports created by quantum from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  generates yule walker .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  null   rank
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieve gecos information associated with a user .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   helper
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an keyboard role that can be used to get an keyboard role .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  null   get
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller - needed to allow searching for imports .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  to   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  qhostinfo a commit hash .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  configures   set
truth:  short   get

test:  a generator that generates all supported summary of a satisfy .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  url   generator
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  this function is the multivariate memory buffer .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   location

test:  for a routines that return a geometry .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  test running subprocesses .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  generates an unambiguous representation for the given instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns a compressed type from the given argument .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a switchport object in network .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a url into urls .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns true if x is an element at the given root template .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   join
truth:  if   null

test:  generate gexf for gexf in encoding .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  generate   lines

test:  :func:_parse_kern_pairs :func:_parse_kern_pairs .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   generate
truth:  copy   lines

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates the entropy mask from a given threshold .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  display a single error message .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  build   server
truth:  process   process

test:  create a loop until it returns an ogr loop .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   call

test:  runs a command and caches the specified python report .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  access   tests
truth:  runs   runs

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  migrate the android .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  migrate   null
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of users in the given source .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse and normalize request header .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns true if any bsgs bsgs bsgs base are bsgs .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  if   check

test:  show details about the given 'wrap' .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   details
truth:  display   display

test:  decorator to check the specified object or policy .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check non-explicit segments can be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  define   null
truth:  check   check

test:  extracts sentences from a string into sentences .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  dependence from bulk version of acceptance .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  list   force
truth:  null   idea

test:  parse a uri into something that isnt going to a gcs request .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the elgamal computenode in the case where a mod mod mod mod .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  a decorator that allows you to decorate a function to call the given function base the proper specific to avoid compilation of a specific sub-estimator from a specific class when
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  workaround   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse stack .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  parse   find
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a parse sentences output from fulltext .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  determine if the specified service is available for the atomic .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of non-zero directories .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  encode a short string .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  like dict_to .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  unzip   a
truth:  is   null

test:  run web home widget on home .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   checks
truth:  run   web

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds static-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  forces a unicode string into an ascii path .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  null   null

test:  combine two elements of a single vector or element-wise by expr .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  change   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  in hex hex hex hex hex color code .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  hex   reverse
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  apply validation to a pandas file .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  breaks   up

test:  returns a list of time zones to which a number is a country number .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  check roundtrip for fif .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  test   reader
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  finds all children of the given root directory .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all common service .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   title

test:  a decorator that prevents a function or method into a function .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  return the adapter name of the network adapter .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   windows

test:  return the security group .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   send
truth:  display   display

test:  checks if x is a polynomial index .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  null   find
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a new @no_type_check query attached to a new-style cached query .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  queries   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  recursive function to check that replay_load are better for the aligns .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  normalizes   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  takes tuple .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  split   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  features should extract the post tags from the scenario .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  null   github
truth:  having   a

test:  confirm an email token should be included in the service .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  run   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes html elements from the page .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  check if a field is a category field .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  return   check
truth:  function   function

test:  builds a template string from the spacing definition .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  build   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  discard comparison in a structured table .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  function   function

test:  test that a string has a hpi file .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  testing   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the vector3 multiplied by a matrix .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply migrations to facts if not already present in facts dict dict: args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the result of supplied facts if
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  migrate   migrations
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  encode string or bytes into utf-8 .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a file name .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  commands commands by repositories .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  string   string

test:  pull the fvwi from the fvwi byte string flag .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decode   version
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  test that initializing from normal order .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  help   result
truth:  result   result

test:  return the exploration ids that is used as a given revision .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  test yule-walker input .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   like
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  if completions is complete .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  mark   mark

test:  use this decorator to get an api registry .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  this returns the chart chart to use the api api .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  gets   request
truth:  null   null

test:  get the filesystem name from the folder .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  api to make sure that the git git is in the master .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  to   master
truth:  specified   clones

test:  enable the location of a ssl file .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  run   keys
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a tag to the rest api .
truth: add tag . 
test:  function   handle
truth:  tag   tag

test:  it should download a wheel wheel .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  null   test
truth:  using   test

test:  returns a filename to be used with a command line .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  view   strings
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  change gecos information cli example: .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  modify   code
truth:  code   code

test:  read unsigned 32-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  generate a model fields for a given specifications .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  attach a vbd reference to vbd and return the reference .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  attach   checking
truth:  create   create

test:  checks the error code returned via the routines .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  checking   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parses a description .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dictionary and returns a dictionary with keys and values as a dictionary whose values are the keys of header and keyword arguments .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the tikteck platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  asserts a condition with the given condition .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  change the default music music .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  change   null
truth:  fade   null

test:  parses a string using the except for inclusion in javascript .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  stack   stack

test:  detect directory to find all the log files in the filesystem .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string representation of a tuple into a tuple .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   null

test:  if pep8 is installed .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  deletes a job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  create a slice that will slices slices with comments from an equivalent slice .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print the estate manor stats of a target image .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  generate missing count associated with album .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  return   number

test:  return the content of the interface cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns a string representing a number or superlative digits .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  calculates   method
truth:  to   helper

test:  create a new keytab cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the symmetric group of order n as a list .
truth: return base . 
test:  get   null
truth:  base   base

test:  build the environment dictionary from the response .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  build   create
truth:  build   build

test:  this function makes sure that all the buy data can be loaded .
truth: custom view . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  helper function for creating a possible subject name .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  splits the sentence into a list of words .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate obj to be checked if possible .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an event .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   finish
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function from : : multivariate multi-model and binary expansion of : multivariate multi-model approach down by chung-yao and wen-lian .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  create api-version specific legacy table .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a prime number of p and q of nbits bits .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove refct pairs from pairs .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with version being a tuple with versioninfo macos .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   attributes
truth:  get   macos

test:  return the directory path where path is located .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   ipython

test:  return a filter that checks the list of enabled filters .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  null   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  adds a role to a tenant on a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  install a file with the specified global postag .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns true when provided address belongs to prefix/plen .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  tells if any file exists on the target device .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  restores the cache with level .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  used   null
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  calculate all of the empty directories in a list of strings .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  return   return
truth:  chooses   a

test:  returns the ith degree of a monomial .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  print a list of timeseries .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve availability zone .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  retrieve   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a list of sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates that value is a mapping of mapping .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  null   os

test:  echo calls to a method .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  null   description
truth:  change   change

test:  turns on a step .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  takes   categorical
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete an imagemember or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  primitive content and the primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  content   content
truth:  content   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  this uses the api to handler for xblock .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  null   api
truth:  url   url

test:  add an op to the queue .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  to   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an subclass containing a package or a module .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  exploit   import

test:  return labels for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  github   return
truth:  github   github

test:  load if defkey is on doctype .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  to   sessions
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  decorator to make sure the test gets logged in the app .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  sorts sample ids sorted by mapping file into list of sample ids .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   otu

test:  reads virtualbox data from $dist/__init__ .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  gives   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the metric associated with this module .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  merge   metric
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a random string .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  be   null

test:  returns minimum cum .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  null   model
truth:  null   a

test:  register a mimetypehandler class .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  store   handler

test:  converts an integer to its formatted using the ascii-safe order .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  checks if t is a valid ipv4-address string .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  module identification page .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  compile   attributes
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure a binary string is a 1-d numpy rdfvalue .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  if   null

test:  test extract_array utility function .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  ensures   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a ips to pull to pull a remote host .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  null   apply
truth:  return   arguments

test:  returns the extension of the keystone .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to check that a view view has a custom cors cors methods .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a phonenumber number in the given number .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  gets   null

test:  checks if a csr matches the certificate request .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  does   null

test:  returns a list of commands installed on the system .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  list   a
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return a list of all child nodes of the given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   like

test:  this pads pads to do a such that it doesnt exist or reachable .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  pad   strings

test:  compute probability counts from an image .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  to   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends the login login page to the given ajax url .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  null   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  assign non-ip to the right remote server .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  assign   remove
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return crange instance based on n elements of degree n .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  null   pdp
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a diff with a parent of the given expressions .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  show   a

test:  validates whether the given key in the list of strings are valid .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   validator

test:  adds static-related context variables to the context .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  calculate   standard
truth:  perform   a

test:  ranking-based robust covariance matrix for random graph parameters newey : int probabilities or determinant of sigma_hat .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  null   restapiid
truth:  compute   compute

test:  load otus files in console folder .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  load   setup
truth:  default   default

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return the string without tags of the line .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  make   a
truth:  to   null

test:  parse keyword arguments .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds headers to the response with the given response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  get   headers
truth:  cache   cache

test:  shuffle arrays by always shuffle into one .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  use   create
truth:  use   use

test:  enable a member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enables   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return the matrix representation of each frame .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a fake volume object .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  create   fake
truth:  return   a

test:  return system-wide information about all the osquery cli example: .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  run   a
truth:  time   time

test:  validates that a string is valid .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  iterate over stop character .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load only on minions that have the win_snmp module .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  work   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  return a byte-representation progress dictionary .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts a cubic to a cubic case .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  base   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a named tuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  parse the private key from the splt key .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  parse   method
truth:  split   split

test:  disconnect a service .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clones a new linode plan .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  helper function for setting a flash message .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  read   a

test:  this method will build the original objects for some objects .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  build   null
truth:  like   like

test:  returns the htmlentity .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  find   a
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  returns the string with the json normally be used in javascript code .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  escape   function
truth:  output   output

test:  create an instances ports with gce ports .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test querying metadata from activated cache entry .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  cache   query
truth:  querying   test

test:  dynamically add a monit search based on target .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  calculate   expand
truth:  return   return

test:  sends the global config file to be able to be able to be removed .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  null   config
truth:  null   section

test:  returns the indexing line of the line .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  find   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  prints output of integer tuples .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return a list of all empty directories in the specified tree .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a p: and a match to compute the closest features on the given list of features .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  calculates   remove
truth:  null   cluster

test:  release the scheduled number of available chapters .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   media
truth:  release   a

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stops stops cassandra .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stop   zookeeper
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  return the cache most appropriate settings .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  gets   metadata
truth:  returns   returns

test:  default retrlines .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  clean   check
truth:  null   null

test:  return a byte-string version of the string *s* .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  null   a
truth:  quoted   return

test:  extract information from public version .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete an image from the given image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  specified   delete

test:  return true if idle is under idle .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  run english on each account .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   search
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parse the response body of a python response .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  converts   http
truth:  parse   status

test:  sends an api request .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  select   items
truth:  filter   items

test:  retrieve a single check object from a configuration .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  use   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  escape a value .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install the assets .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  null   run
truth:  install   install

test:  must be used for testing the full text .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  searches   matches
truth:  if   test

test:  create a simple component for a designated designated model .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether we can mount the given path .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-50 model of v2 model .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  hex   model
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  create a backup object .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  backup   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a directory pair then includes the block with the given private keys .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  enter   release
truth:  generate   salt

test:  edit a new tag .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unfollow   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  filters a value through the block through variable .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  null   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  cool   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  remove the fake project that is created when the project is created .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test that package can be consistent with a tax tax class and think when the order has no html versions .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  helper function which will log any execution error belonging to the state of the state functions .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  function   function

test:  return the content of the mrjob for the project .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  process   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  get the span from the extended segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  encode a string with a regex according to the given .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  clean   returns
truth:  replaces   a

test:  module function to find the temporary directory of the given effect .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  add an item to the output list .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  main function for sigusr1 .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter command in the cookiecutter .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  list genres .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the " map .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  be   use
truth:  support   multiple

test:  validate deletion and clone .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  if   rl_forward_char
truth:  run   run

test:  copy a file-like array from aggregatestatresult to post-steps .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  write   implementation
truth:  write   a

test:  test removing a single m2 using a single m2 .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  tests   user
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  this function makes a simple api described in the datastore .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  a wrapper around callable that will check if a yaml tag is a "!pkl:" function .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  checks   unicode
truth:  used   callback

test:  get the harris points that differ between the coordinate coordinate .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  build   loops
truth:  return   corners

test:  parses a tuple as a float .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  exception   utility
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and a drive specification .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  null   partitions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   number

test:  returns the name of the process used for the project .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  null   get
truth:  process   process

test:  load an attribute from the given module .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the head part of a path .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an instance of a url .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  handles a __clrtype__ from dataframe to validate the stored stored stored - if the previously previously stored .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  if   in
truth:  function   function

test:  return link to the link in the local node .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  samples   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the laplacian laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a suffix from the suffix .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  function   function

test:  find the condition at the bottom of a given matrix .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  to   find
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a traceback message .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  writes   calls
truth:  format   format

test:  this sleeps to return the current platform .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the region config file for the specific region .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  given   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  detach the bcache device only if no cache is configured .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  extend   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  confirm this module is on a debian based system .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  work   null
truth:  load   load

test:  convert text into a dns rdata object .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  parse   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  update a project conditional entry .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  work   works
truth:  works   works

test:  runs a command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  run   a

test:  check whether object is a list of dicts .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   standard

test:  make sure that environment is shown .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  null   description
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of unique volume ids .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available images cli example: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   details

test:  create a method method that report report from an api .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  convert a 32-bit integer into a long integer .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  generates the list of files in the provided file .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  returns a string .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to find a resource from the path .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  given   pull
truth:  to   null

test:  delete a user server .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  delete   hex
truth:  deletes   a

test:  parses a form form from a form .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  redirect to a file .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  file   null
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  resolve   shim
truth:  null   shim

test:  compute betweenness centrality centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   include
truth:  compute   compute

test:  open the help branch in the help text .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  open   ceil
truth:  opens   null

test:  given a list of answer coordinates .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  check   check

test:  return a matrix around around around around p .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  return   endpoints
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the users device by the specified user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  queries   queries

test:  returns a boolean stating whether the file has been received .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  do   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  use this state: .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  return a timezone aware datetime .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  time   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  application home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  module   home
truth:  view   view

test:  generate the ibp customers .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  generate   n
truth:  null   implementation

test:  generate a random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  clean orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   remove
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure a string is valid utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test that selectionchanged of a simple exception .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate a geometric dataset .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into json .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a string in the format into a base object .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate a rolls from a sequence .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  generate   a

test:  provides zpool state .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   up
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  return true if databook is yaml .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   rows
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return inverse of each mavg window .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  search   generate
truth:  moving   compute

test:  build the dictionary of extra classes into the hello! dictionary .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   classes

test:  test freezing a bazaar clone .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  run   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  dumps the supplied snapshot to disk .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  create a new registration code with three registration code .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  save   json
truth:  function   function

test:  turn a batch into a batch of arrays .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  execute the given timeout and timeout in a comb generates a demonstrates .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  complete   null
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone activity .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   milestone

test:  only load if the locale module is available .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  command   disk
truth:  command   command

test:  validates a iterables .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get a service by host and binary it listens to .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  parameter_list   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that reads a stream by calling a stream at the given pipe .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  like   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the basic bindings that the basic system bindings .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  function   manager
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using core fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   core
truth:  load   core

test:  policy configuration with some target configuration .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  fixes   factory
truth:  given   null

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   method
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simply sends a logging <url .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  open   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  returns the kind for the given entity .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  null   return
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ignore warnings according to the locale .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  null   object
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode python unicode .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   function
truth:  encode   bson

test:  get the secret token .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  start the initial config file .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  import   configures
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export a single existing directory .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   export

test:  returns the version string in the given file paths .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  read a string table table for the xml .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  read   in

test:  get a datastore from the database .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  get   parameters
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates id of docker id .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  opens   error
truth:  check   check

test:  validates that value is a positive integer or none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  select an attribute of a collection .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  to   null
truth:  select   null

test:  return a list of the hypervisor that are on boot cli example: .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  removes   null

test:  check if the directory exists .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  use   returns
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  decorator to make a view only accept a collection .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  require   decorator
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the login ip from the local machine .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the file is origin in the file .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  verifies   checks
truth:  reads   null

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   ja
truth:  output   output

test:  creates a function in a doer .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   assignment

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  mill   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  page rendered by name .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper method to format a quote based on the current user .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  content   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  g a 3d data repeatedly around world and world .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  calculate   redirects
truth:  function   function

test:  parses the authentication entries .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  iterate over all the file names that an directory can be found .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  file   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  respond with registration registration :return: serialized registration code page :rtype: dict :raises: contains a summary of up to respond .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  raises   in
truth:  look   null

test:  given a numpy array of clauses repr .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  run print stats in numafiles .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test mne plot from raw .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  parse a block scalar scalar in a block scalar .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  process   process

test:  compute greatest factorial factorization of f and p .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  reduce   f

test:  tests the status of a listing .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write a html scene scene to a file .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  get   get
truth:  create   html

test:  generates the full path to the site-packages directory .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  make   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  compute input length of a convolution given size .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  function   function
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  parse an expression containing a non cookie header into a pair of lines .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   decodes
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the tipc module is safe for the rpar name .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  if   check

test:  checks that the plugin is present .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  wrapper for page titles .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert from cartesian to polar pol coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  mix representation of spherical representation of two components .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  when a user has been modified .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the block of the block cache for the given block .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test predicate .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  if   x
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the acl should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will return the current language just for the currently selected language in the context .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test the move method .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the test tests in the list of django labels .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  run   app
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting loops .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new class with the given arguments .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  used   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a human-readable tree .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a group topic message .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterates over a file in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  get the file mode .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  file   return
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a parsed resolver .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  initialize   -
truth:  initialize   null

test:  registers a valid value for the given key .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  look   a
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes text to the stdout message .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  create a hash from a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  view all links in the document as a dict .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a dictionary of items to a list of child items .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  given   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  differentiate polynomials in k[x] .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  generate a resource file .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   resource

test:  show a specific returner device .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  if   null
truth:  email   email

test:  generate all aliases .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generates   sparse
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup the partitions sky sensor .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   create
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the kafka object .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the first precision of the passed value .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  deletes an existing line .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  call   function
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  return the contents of a project/create music music .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets the pipeline on the current thread .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  force   sets
truth:  set   a

test:  get the releases with the given id as a dict with an releases id .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  get   api
truth:  search   search

test:  this function does a equal to create a list of the permutations .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  list   list

test:  get the network or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  monkeypatches elements of a directed probability of shape .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the name of the search string .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  null   return
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if input is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes a unicode string to utf-8 bytes .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  value   null
truth:  to   encode

test:  format a list of docs docs into a string .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  takes   formats
truth:  return   a

test:  build scipy .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  return   send
truth:  requests   requests

test:  returns a list of corpus copied from an iterator .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a engformatter model to bind it to the given model .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  creates   init
truth:  create   a

test:  export patches to a list of summaries .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  export   implements
truth:  git   git

test:  upload a file-like object to s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  view   keys
truth:  upload   a

test:  simple log response to pyrax the log file .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  set   changes
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  returns the user model instance by anonymous user id .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  adds an interactive shell to the given namespace .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the closest sensor .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create directory if it does not exist .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the specific backend backends name .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a purged purged action .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  import   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  add some out_path and viable .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  want   a
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the buffer .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   character

test:  get the expected list of objects from the given list of values .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  select an element selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  null   jobs
truth:  null   type

test:  convert an image to a binary b for affine with salt-run .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  return   rgb

test:  ensure the user does not exist in the user does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  wrapper around csr to make these sparseblockouter .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  expect   a
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  create a dask instance from a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get the gcode text from the gcode text .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  logs a user out .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  sends expected option to option .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  throw   build
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  try to validate the current display name .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if a tag sents is a valid kind .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  use   nltks

test:  return a qicon .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  copies the contents of the files from one file-like object to another .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   a

test:  rangename => [a returns the nearest logarithm of the given ref .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  handler for view that removes resources from the response .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_unicode .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda list keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  escapes the url that is an html string .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  link   a
truth:  trims   null

test:  get current timezone cli example: .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the value of the db metadata for the instance .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  null   function
truth:  get   get

test:  get the subtitle path .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  removes a dictionary with multiple documents from a given word .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  clean   strings
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  get the string key to use for the local function like cachedir .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  convert   decorator
truth:  compute   directory

test:  evaluate useless *obj* .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  translate   helper
truth:  if   null

test:  initialize the module descriptor .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   multi
truth:  parse   multi

test:  stop the windows system .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  null   run
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  return all xml element in xpath .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   a

test:  just handle json .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  make   render
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure image is present in the images name : string name of image .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   in
truth:  ensure   image

test:  adds a relative url to the users relative to the native configured .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  resolve   return
truth:  resolve   null

test:  split a list into a tuple of elements of m .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any svn:externals directories in dirname .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return the cumulative neighbor function of the logistic distribution .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the folders which are created by the command .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decorator to mark a function to be profiled .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  write   function
truth:  to   decorator

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  generates the javascript map for each trace in the javascript file .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  create   create
truth:  generates   a

test:  validates that locale for use in the locale code .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  if   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return those items of graph for all such that it has been invalidated in the parent .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  if   check
truth:  convert   convert

test:  platform indices of posify .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  return   a
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   a
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  find the highest highest value for the given option or none if no request was not found .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  retrieve   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a conda package .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   a

test:  send a soft to the minion cli example: .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  restart   prints
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if any of the nova extension supported by a given extension .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  check if git or even space is connected .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check that astropys frames are properly handled by various tests .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypts a dtc code .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  takes   utility
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform the execution of a resource_view .
truth: like @property . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  like   like

test:  send analytics event for a vote on a thread or response .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  null   vote

test:  return the chordal cycle of redirection .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  deletes the contents of the cookies in the provided cookie .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the scatter property property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  selects an object for local file using the nsurl .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  play   a
truth:  runs   op

test:  obtain uptime from show show show show show version information .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   os
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  return a server by a notfound .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  open the invalidating from staging lineage lineage .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  load   a
truth:  do   null

test:  serialize python object to a pickle string .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  workaround   workaround
truth:  serializes   a

test:  extract a zip zip file by looking for a zip zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  unzip   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure that the locale module is absent name the name of the state to remove .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse the mapping file .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  like the function .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  set   translate
truth:  transform   transform

test:  return a unicode object for a string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  return   string
truth:  make   null

test:  list all the instance public ips .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure the named grafana object is absent .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  test the model arguments .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   try

test:  assemble the module .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  uninstall   password
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that distances just on linux without actually absence .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  time   check
truth:  url   url

test:  turns a view function into a json view .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the metadata metadata for the specified instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on a given thread .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns an iterable with the standard error message .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  drop stray .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   inspect
truth:  drop   directories

test:  replace any string by splitting characters .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  undo   unquote
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  return lines of text strings .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  return   lines
truth:  string   string

test:  get the firewall status for an esxi host or list of hosts for the host or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  run   policy
truth:  show   status

test:  just like check_output .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  return the script command to use when it is run .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a single thread that runs a single thread .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  indices   calculate
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to write the pickled metadata from an object file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  writes   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a file has empty empty contents .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  use of @hosts in role .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  use   null
truth:  make   null

test:  flattens an indices from a string .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  support   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  make edges in a source space .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  function   solve
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   section
truth:  complete   null

test:  given a list of scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   error
truth:  like   like

test:  calculates the univariate statistic matrices from the univariate surface of the rosenbrock function .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return program path of current basename .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   program

test:  takes a list of values .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  command   a
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a babel locale is an existing locale .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return an 4-tuple object for the returned order of the new-style classes .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  normalize   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  strips matching of handlers from handlers and strips their prefix in the given list of handlers .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  executes   matching
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if the given filename is an extension filename .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  does this problem or tests from the capa module and main page .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  get information about the twisted about the installation about the installation .
truth: display version info . 
test:  to   prints
truth:  display   version

test:  convert a time delta to the appropriate duration of the given delta .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  convert   a

test:  rename a project to a wiki wiki documents .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  coordinate   a
truth:  view   view

test:  equation of the hundredths of the expect distribution .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  used   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  sample flask api .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return the amount of seconds since the amount of the shared memory .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  allocate   null

test:  return api services cli example: .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   api

test:  non-restartable source with the form of the mangled function .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  download   unicode
truth:  perform   a

test:  calculate the style loss of a given image .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  null   find
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  helper decorator for methods that exhausts the memoize and does not return a single argument .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  generate a proxy for the received tool .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  converts any exception objects to a response object .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  to   view
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  if x is undefined or if any of the values are boolean .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  if   mask
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the location in a sentence .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  removes   returns
truth:  content   content

test:  parse the code code at the end of the code in the level .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder g/b from validates .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  make   sample
truth:  null   null

test:  read head head head matrix .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   expr
truth:  read   read

test:  calculate the size of text size .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  text   information
truth:  return   a

test:  print a message and exit with an error code .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  error   print
truth:  error   error

test:  generates all the divisors of an iterator that contains all divisors .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the configuration of the rademacher .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  compute the in-degree centrality for nodes .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  null   compile
truth:  search   search

test:  usage: lx diagnostics .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  null   pdb
truth:  null   lx

test:  run an inventory from one tool .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  to   string
truth:  return   return

test:  test for a bug from singular .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  github   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if discussions is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  if   return
truth:  is   null

test:  makes a request token to an auth token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  determine if a query can be variants .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a byte string to a byte string .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test to ensure the test cases correctly .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  akaike information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of sigma_hat estimate of sigma_hat estimate of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  get markdown text .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  markdown   one
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  adds a message with the request level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   attempts
truth:  adds   a

test:  this decorator wraps a method to fail if the exception has been automatically been not been raised .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  to   null
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  build a kernel kernel based on parameters .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  merge   find
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete a server from spacewalk cli example: .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the reconstruction of a given dataset .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  show   test
truth:  show   show

test:  adds a mapping of error codes to the given string .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  add   messages
truth:  error   error

test:  ensure a specific search is matching name the name of the device cli example: .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  rooms the socketio used by the user to rooms their flask web server .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns qr or none if it exists .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  return   long
truth:  computes   null

test:  return indices for indices in strings .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  null   disk
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  selects a boolean field with an icon field .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   html

test:  returns the mac address on unix timestamp .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  generate   mac

test:  return list of sysv services cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  load   use
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function to convert a string to a string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install a package using the prompting directory .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   certificates
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns image with its length .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  demo -> decoding/generator data -> none .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  decode a task payload .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  post   post

test:  return the line index of the expression .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decodes bytes or unicode string .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  to   a
truth:  guess   guess

test:  functional 3-dimensional .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  pick   jquery
truth:  launch   launch

test:  ensure a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  to   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate git packages .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generate   algorithm
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  display a list of all the figures .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  show   show
truth:  to   helper

test:  from url = otherwise .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  return   pull
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a list of tasks as a dictionary .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  template   a
truth:  format   a

test:  set up up the logging .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  access   counts
truth:  sets   up

test:  make the web connections .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  parse the event from the event .
truth: given an event . 
test:  parse   accept
truth:  given   null

test:  return a transport object .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  return   return
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get all queues in a task .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  return   headers
truth:  list   list

test:  send a about successful group .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to use .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  verify that the specified python is installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  approximately with the required_together introns .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  join   operation

test:  returns the datastore data path .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a strategy to get a strategy .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   strategy

test:  parses a ptr record for a given ipv6 address and returns it as a list of values .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  payload = { v1 .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  extract   wrapper
truth:  github   github

test:  compare two results of a zero or more authority .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  to   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the secret dimension object blog it in the secrets database .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  to   strip
truth:  writes   null

test:  return data from a chunk file based on the path to serve .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration_list semi .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  opens a file .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  parse   read
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return indent of the line .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the date and the block date for the given course .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks to make sure the bc of the duplicates .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator to make sure the @no_type_check are public accessible in accessible .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  read lsm sequence .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  encode the given file attachment .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a test suite for a given module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   function
truth:  string   string

test:  write input table to xml .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   a

test:  checks to see if the site has the configuration in its configuration .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to compute floats in series of a string or a list of zeros to compute .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  array   a
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  convert a string path to a local path .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns true if any patterns matches the given patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  add a application with the volume .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   uniform

test:  write datachars data to a fif file .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   datachars
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  returns a valid user or none if none is valid .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if an vlan interface exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  just possible settings in settings .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a gff attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  transforms a node into an equivalent dict .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  print   a

test:  open a repository in a repository .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  open   a
truth:  spawn   a

test:  return the power of the difference between p and 1 .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  null   fnc
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  convert an action function .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  convert   verifies
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   table
truth:  list   table

test:  test to make sure that a custom completion completion completion .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  null   return
truth:  test   test

test:  return a time zone for the current thread .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  add new location and return the list of location on the request .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  destroy a specific instance type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  marks   instance

test:  add a team to a repository .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a relationship() which specifies post_update .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  sync   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get list of configured engine .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  perform   check
truth:  return   return

test:  edit a document .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  edit   render
truth:  create   a

test:  returns report list of module info for a given module .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  list   axes
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the two-element str of the dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with the distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that a column can be added to a column .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   in
truth:  test   test

test:  create a notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  checks   sailthru
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of all possible results which are not sizes .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  null   properties
truth:  cache   cache

test:  check the fits for fits .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  check   check
truth:  prints   a

test:  get an entrance exam descriptor by name .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  null   workflow

test:  iterate over genbank formatted entries .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  parse   embl
truth:  breaks   up

test:  remove a system connection cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  destroy   information
truth:  save   null

test:  allowed_request_methods: the markdown api to markdown .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  use   function
truth:  parse   parse

test:  splits the path for the parsing path .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  take   a
truth:  split   a

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   a

test:  check that orphans methods does not have been marked as a because of too many .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  xfail   custom
truth:  finds   participants

test:  ask for a filename without actually call .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   bson
truth:  ask   null

test:  test that n elements of n elements are equal to safe .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  decode   a

test:  calculate the hash digest of a string .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to colas .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  function   prefix
truth:  return   a

test:  create a single name from a path .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   return

test:  take a list of tuples .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  encode gain/peak gain/peak values as specified in controller .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   include
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  generator to return a new byte string .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  null   null
truth:  header   header

test:  deletes the named sysv service cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates database database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get all migrations belonging to a uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  chunks   a
truth:  given   a

test:  sort a distributions of plot .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  create   header
truth:  plot   plot

test:  return a tuple of .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  check   a
truth:  error   error

test:  convert any extra updates in a list to new-style dicts .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  concatenate   list
truth:  get   words

test:  convert duration to integer .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  check if a path is within the given repo directory .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  return   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  adds a tuple of paths to each of the history .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  associate   sets
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  give   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   headers
truth:  null   resource

test:  define rss-feeds listed in all of the given servers .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  define   calls
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the build for each build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   call
truth:  define   null

test:  a post-hook for the base class .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set cache of all desktop .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect to the given signals .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  use   a
truth:  connect   connect

test:  exclude_names exclude_names .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  used to find a single selector selector .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  list   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  find the nearest location of a clickable .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the paginator .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  import saved file .
truth: open history . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  open   history

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  simple wrapper around read .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  set/get the ylimits of a layer or labels .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  load   null
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install docker distribution on the local node .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  install   definition
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a document from a string .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  dimitem : expr lt expr | expr | expr | expr gt expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr le expr | expr | expr |
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   wake
truth:  null   null

test:  return the path where the filename is located .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  null   find
truth:  get   get

test:  checks to see if the given minc can be found .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to amazon ec2 service :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  move a file or directory from the file .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   a
truth:  file   file

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns true if the value is writable .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the moving smoothed fraction onset .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  put   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launches a dialog .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  get   api
truth:  launches   null

test:  test fastprint calls .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  text   null
truth:  is   null

test:  build a sitemap for task task .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   current
truth:  build   build

test:  creates type-specific from a document_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  to   a
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type information section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  plot image as a tool with a bar and patch it .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   names
truth:  plot   plot

test:  send from job via salt command .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  command   hex
truth:  send   send

test:  check if the specified state is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  enable   check
truth:  return   return

test:  search for canonical type .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  get   a
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  takes a list of characters that can be ignored into a single space character .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  to   return
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  reads the data from the configuration .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  see   comments
truth:  return   return

test:  create an testdata filename for a mission filename .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract a fraction from a string of binary digits .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   return

test:  formats the twos complement of the object .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse a uri into something more serializable uri .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  parse   keys
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  get a specific additional mod mod name .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  look   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add faces from a reversed mesh .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   merge
truth:  add   cube

test:  simple task to rgb color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  null   rgb
truth:  transform   x

test:  return image with the given image .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  given   a

test:  home home page .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  open a file in a remote server .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  to   pprint
truth:  start   a

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  completes timeout for await .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  ordered   a
truth:  null   null

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  split a string at the given beginning name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  split   node

test:  perform the unit of a file or a list .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  test   calls
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   volume

test:  set the preferred time zone for channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return the fullrank rank of a matrix .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  calculates   strings
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  test that the message twice from the first message twice does not exist .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  get the docs file for the filename .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  read   get
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  creates a list of functions from which func are on the given function typed .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  list   callable
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  ask the alpha alpha to return a file or a filename of a fits file .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  ask   handles
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait until a volume has completed .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return 18 templates .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get telemetry data .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  gets   request
truth:  get   get

test:  each item from db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  content   create
truth:  null   null

test:  returns task status information for instructor and task status .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  get   request
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the speed speed for a given limits .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the model from an app .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that first is in the first is true .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  multi-dimensional multi-dimensional item from list or continuous prefix .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  tell   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all specification for specified qos specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   qos
truth:  get   get

test:  render markdown text to scrub the embedded embedded markdown .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  render   returns
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  quote a string like urllib2 .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   quote

test:  format a datetime object for human friendly friendly format .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual index definition to index definition .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   insert
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   information

test:  fetches all valid exploration ids from the user and store their completed ids .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a new database with the given engine .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  setup   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  verify that the expected censure of dob and dob .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  autoencoder = main application .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  checks if the google cloud credentials are not met .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  like   histogram
truth:  get   credentials

test:  create a new service options .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  send   histogram
truth:  sends   a

test:  verifying the output of a model .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  test   test

test:  try to find the current versions of an executable .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  return   versions
truth:  grab   drac

test:  loads a command to the other command .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  needed   information
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated boolean as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  enqueues a task to push the task update for the course containing the given course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  test   course
truth:  sends   a

test:  checks if a file has proper permissions .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   test

test:  it needs to be able to run only .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  takes a list of acoustid objects and returns them as a dictionary .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as hdfstore write overriding filename: found .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  null   calling
truth:  does   null

test:  create program action to run a parent process .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  return a new dictionary of class expressions .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the footer over an api footer .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  return   certificate
truth:  return   data

test:  return a list of data jobs which have scene jobs .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  get   a

test:  compute the number of rows in x and eigenvalues of rows .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  fill   page
truth:  create   create

test:  parses the data details .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  get   merge
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form through the comments/form .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   a

test:  validate a string .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a namespace given by course_key .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  this function ensures that a local plotly has a local plotly files that require a local plotly path; it will be used as a local plotly .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensures   password
truth:  ensure   null

test:  determine if the process should be sent to the client api .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  take a protocol and listen it into a dictionary .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  map   map

test:  add allocated_id table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  upgrade   replacement
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  check that year extract year warnings at most of the year .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  returns   a

test:  read a filename into a dict .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  read   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call with a timeout; if the timeout of seconds fails .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   json
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  performs a abundance binary matrix based on the thread abundance otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   functions
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  build the test package java directory .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  integer number of characters in a string .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  return   count
truth:  function   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  p   a
truth:  insert   item

test:  update the stack frame .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  prepare   returns
truth:  required   items

test:  execute an image from a docker registry .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  push   push

test:  parse cobbler arguments .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  return the actual code for the given series in the actual template .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  to   function
truth:  get   get

test:  parse stack arguments for the section of a tree .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a varint value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  checks if the configuration is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  check   check

test:  prompts a user from a password .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  sync   time
truth:  prompts   null

test:  transpose text that contains non-ascii chars .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  closes   html
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the distribution .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  uploaded edit .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test pick channels of mixin channels .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the scsgate switch .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a generator of sets of successors in the order of the bipartite .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rest controller to retrieve options for imports .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  insert a header into a list of links .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  insert   int
truth:  insert   insert

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  socket   tests
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instances belonging to a join .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  depth first search wrapper that contains no given search path .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  depth   depth

test:  change the minion to an entry in the cache .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return a list of wanna objects describing all wanna objects .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  list   image
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes a string to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  encodes   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the current module .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  return   find
truth:  determines   null

test:  stop geonode .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  find spaces after the spaces .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  clean   input
truth:  input   input

test:  create an store object from the uri .
truth: given a location . 
test:  extracts   redirects
truth:  given   a

test:  add orbits with the extruder off .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the pid in the background .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  this function is gzip-encoded when parsing a service is gzip-encoded .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  array   request
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  linker   linker
truth:  linker   linker

test:  expand one or more arguments into a file .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  null   argument

test:  get whether the qurl is a url .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns command command name .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  name   name

test:  resource headers .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  proxy to return the theme based on the current request .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the name of the current hello table .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  returns   page
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a content-type like abc into a dictionary .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  unpack information from a failed instance and populate a dict of instances .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from containerbroker before the x_container_sync_point[12] columns used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforespi .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  i have sent an undefined-step in the sent .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  prompt   null
truth:  have   i

test:  helper function to find possible words in string .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  return   find
truth:  null   null

test:  sanitize or disallow jfif or pyrit according to the external url .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  takes   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all settings in all modules .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  get a dictionary of params .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap a function to detect the given gracefully .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  to   null
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  prints a given value and returns a geometry .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  initiate students in coach .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  null   api
truth:  manage   null

test:  mangle the type of a given type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute rem of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  list all yaml directories in a given app .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  send a message to hipchat hipchat .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  performs   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  validate metadata for a bug file .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  allow   mode
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  plot metrics for a list of colors .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get students of enrolled in a users team access .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  get   compare
truth:  given   a

test:  encode hexadecimal characters in hexadecimal .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  retrieve a ctypes service .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  msg   create
truth:  fetches   null

test:  download a remote execution and execute it only return a list of fields .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  download   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generate a random number of bytes .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  samples   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  erfinv by the erfinv .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  arrays   rastrigin
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  null   headers
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request url from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  list all updates that have been in the actual locks .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   current

test:  creates or update a multi-send field .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  generate a list of all the within the directory: plugin .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  tokenize a json containing the words in a dictionary .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  like   json
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines if the given path has a given url .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  if   a
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders a form element .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  maps   template
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating uri .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  retrieve the course enrollment for the given course .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get filename or folder by removing unused and env path .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  attempt to parse the device into local data .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  fixture   args
truth:  null   args

test:  return an os distribution object from the path .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  see   names
truth:  get   get

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the vmdk spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  features should parse a feature into a feature .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  null   github
truth:  null   feature

test:  quote data into hex string .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the canonical path on windows .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  make   api
truth:  use   windows

test:  compares two paths and returns the flattened directories .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a network object .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   reference

test:  make sure caplog_bug_workaround found in the jinja2 at the end of a complex .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  this function is only used if all the tests have been marked as they do not change .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  make   checks
truth:  raises   null

test:  renders a jinja environment using the provided environment .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  render   pillar
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  converts a dictionary of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  like   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  upload a file if small is a serialized .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  download   transpose
truth:  get   path

test:  extract the specified number of tabs from a string .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  fetches a list of all security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  creates a new service cluster in the tenant .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  change change primary primary primary primary primary primary key .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  list   null
truth:  change   primary

test:  probability that a value from a value .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  null   partitions
truth:  null   distribution

test:  parse the exception into a list of exception title:message .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  returns the current transport .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  list   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  discover a list of file files inside a directory .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  null   null

test:  plot error helper for strip_none .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get list of simplified pairs .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  function   implementation
truth:  reduces   a

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  called   null
truth:  display   display

test:  get all volumes belonging to a generic volume group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  signal to save the current users archive .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  archive   archive

test:  strict -> integer convert positive integer in a tags_list to a single integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  cast   a

test:  returns the list of api calls for the highest limit .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  create a client for a specific backend .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create dataframe dataframe from hex string .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   a

test:  given a request object .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  get   get

test:  function that checks the email is a cookie .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is used .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this any plus invalidating
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  initialize any character non-existent .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  function   in
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve an enabled url from provider .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  list   handler
truth:  gets   null

test:  truncate a numpy ndarray that can be safely .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  if   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the prod of an array or the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  cleans   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() shouldnt output with env env .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display a finder window used by command-t .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  render   action
truth:  display   display

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  template   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to acquire a middleware method asynchronously from an api call .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  registers   a

test:  fab -h username@host local to use .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  read   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the integer exclusive in the range to a localizable bound .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  get the indexes index definition .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  get   get

test:  create a country action codes .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the ring of a graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  defines   a

test:  return a message from the specified title and the optional status .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  redirect   helper
truth:  to   redirects

test:  send a recipient message .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  function   a
truth:  send   a

test:  add a path to the graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the dot matrix .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  return   apply
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  download the given invoice file from the given invoice .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  construct an in-memory configuration from a config .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  get   convert
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse multiple options .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  return list of state packages currently being used .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  return   get
truth:  package   package

test:  replaces special characters with &nbsp; entities .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replace   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  strips a ccx file and serialize it to the ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  check   strips
truth:  remove   remove

test:  apply a new datetime object to a datetime .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  make   a
truth:  generating   a

test:  calculate md5sum of the md5 checksum for a file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  hex   generate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  make a nxm nxm field instance .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  make   a

test:  associate given tenant to specified qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   volume

test:  convert cartesian sphere for data .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   sphere
truth:  convert   convert

test:  this method encodes to ascii input string for the resulting character .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  register the signals from the source files to the page .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  plugin   pelican
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parses a string coming .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses an equation equation .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing a git clone clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  check different transforms transforms .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  check   floor
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given httprequest .
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   contacts
truth:  adds   null

test:  compute a matrix accumulatemethods function important a pair of the resulting function h1v(z) .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  indicates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new children .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the directory that the error related to the given ref .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursive function to parse a list of urls into a page .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   utility

test:  retrieve the namespaces of the desired cluster .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   install
truth:  configure   configure

test:  delete a comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  deletes   factory
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  runs the test suite .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  return   up
truth:  test   test

test:  setup a role extension .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  return the value for an action .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compile   option

test:  get geometryoutput vertexes from paths by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  shekel is the *attr* *attr* of an ipv4 address .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  convert   swap
truth:  extract   information

test:  return the vms object .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  if   vm
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return the absolute path to a resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure the doctest module exists .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return true if a string matches the specified of the minion path cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  according   check
truth:  matches   matches

test:  a decorator that takes a method or returns a method with the method name from .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  does a google artist to artist .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   multiple
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  remove a list of files from the specified files .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  helper function to fix python records for each frame .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  updates   gcs
truth:  to   try

test:  determine if the given power is return the power where the power status .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  set   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a simple view that redirects all requests to the user .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   subitems
truth:  get   subitems

test:  convert a utf-8 string from a binary string into unicode .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  decode   a

test:  return community configuration cli example: .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  null   cgconfig
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update collections attributes .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  update   collections

test:  returns true if the given name is a global module/package .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  show a message .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   a

test:  matrix trace function .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  trace   trace

test:  same mocked instance as other aws_cf_simple tests .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  github   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns key .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  validate user loop using a loop .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  if   copies
truth:  if   check

test:  remove a call call .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  run   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a long integer in the canonical canonical format to a long integer .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   digest

test:  stop the start and time a start date and a timedelta .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  sums   like
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  perform float regression model and sigmoid classes into 2 classes using single layer of gru and sigmoid classes .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  parse a source file .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert a dictionary of json values to a json dictionary .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  convert   json
truth:  converts   a

test:  imports python 3 .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  return   works
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  makes a container agent to use .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the number of bits bits in a binary escaped integer .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  build   get
truth:  specified   get

test:  compatibility wrapper for multi-proc calling a given acl acl type this method returns an s3 acl .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a unit unit .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  to   predicate
truth:  null   null

test:  add the power state to this auth service .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  patch   service
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test that outline function does not arrays .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   box
truth:  test   cube

test:  main entry point for the living api .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne info .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  show   test
truth:  test   mne

test:  wrapper around the firewall method .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  package   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a datetime-typed property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  returns the type of a parameter .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this method will check the actual response namespaces .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  parse   parse

test:  process the application and password password .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  calculate which symbol used to calculate the symbol from a database .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  transform   release
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  cache param determines how memberships are deleted with the same name as the string .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  use   decorator
truth:  caching   null

test:  create a loopback control in a loopback .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a class from the given class to it .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  collect   remove
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract the exponentent bit digits from a double-precision floating point .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  traverse and find all globfind in the given pattern .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a line option .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  insert multiple records into the npimport feature .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  should be embedded stage of symbols .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  return   info
truth:  inform   null

test:  converts the property property for the database connection .
truth: converts db . 
test:  db   db
truth:  db   db

test:  regression test for #1244 in html .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  aliased   returns
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  returns a string representing the entire challenging matrix .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  see   pair
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts spherical harmonic coordinates to cartesian coordinates .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns true if there has a field of descriptors to be used .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a toplevel widget .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the demo remotes platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that the in-db units match the given file .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a new compiler to use in a compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  update users from source subscription .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  categorize   helper
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  get a new host session .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  null   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test print/repr of dpsswavelet .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   helper
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  parse the settings from environment .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  read   read

test:  previous inheritance on multiple tests .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  testing   show
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  returns if we should cache if running under cache otherwise .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  return   return

test:  updates remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  clear   updates
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns expired sessions of current device .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  get   release
truth:  list   list

test:  make a test case .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  return   count
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split a packet in the order to split parts: a number into delim .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  solve a function of undetermined .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  solve   equation

test:  remove headers from a response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  kludge and kludge .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  simulate   media
truth:  simulate   a

test:  merges the merge into a merge .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the model for the application .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simple logging wrapper to logger .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  classify   test
truth:  logging   logging

test:  periodogram to periodogram .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  solve   regression
truth:  returns   returns

test:  homopolymer a file or set it to disk .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a new tenants cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  sends a message to a topic .
truth: hold election . 
test:  tell   calculate
truth:  hold   hold

test:  should be no python virtualenv .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   python

test:  uninstall the system via windows add_vhost cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   null
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   check
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  compute a as a 2-d matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   check
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the number of subtasks that have been subtasks in this file .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  determines   number

test:  retrieve duplicate messages from current database objects .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  returns a decorator that can be used with admin admin api .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   null

test:  change the inter-mapper tree to destination .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  detach   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  fetch user about the users report for the given user .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  get   get

test:  removes gradient variables from input .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  stop   gradient
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get all ips in the db .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the common was imported .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns the linkage distance between the vectors that has been distance .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the rank of a numpy array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  array   return
truth:  take   a

test:  sets ip to execute ip sets the ip .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  helper function to add an array of slices overlap .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  array   factory
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  return the beginning of the words in the given line .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  return   null
truth:  splits   a

test:  query the page with title and delete urls on title .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  deletes   redirect
truth:  if   check

test:  list all tasks search for a given host .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  defined   list

test:  [ color triple .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  converts   color
truth:  convert   a

test:  decorate methods with this 2 .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create or verify that the username exists .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  test   null
truth:  is   null

test:  least common multiple of arrays .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  shows the version of deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  is   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  indicates which post sensitive used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  return integer i from [lat or a readable integer .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return the current date .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  determine   time
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a penn tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the cors from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  add geometryoutput points to the points used for creating this easier .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  process   writing
truth:  equate   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  register widgets to find widgets with the given widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  widget   a
truth:  register   register

test:  test that goto does multiple definition works .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the field or remote value for the given relationship .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  to   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  render a template string in a template .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   render

test:  return x .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  return   null
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  return a general tool from a string instance of the tool matches the corresponding discussion: tools .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the document that the document can be used to large large user .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  renders a file summary of the given dashboard .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   data
truth:  upload   executive

test:  creates a file at the given directory .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  unzip   null

test:  a shortcut to create a mock method .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  build   null
truth:  mock   mock

test:  verify that the class attribute should be updated at runtime .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  used   assert
truth:  to   null

test:  check that the major version is available with the given api version .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  delete a query that has specific rds .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  func   a
truth:  query   query

test:  create symmetrical set of =[1 =[1 .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  log   log

test:  computes the dw matrix from a :: graph .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return an ubus scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  write a list of tuples to the commits .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  list   a
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get vector3 vertexes from pillar .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   triangle

test:  return the application icon .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read count 32-bit floats using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  synonym for the largest item of a matrix/density or compiled .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  null   synonym
truth:  null   synonym

test:  print a list of dns ips associated with a domain .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   current

test:  parses a report from it .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests that we can train a model and train it .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  tear   file
truth:  test   test

test:  format option as a string to a represented list .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  value   function
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is true or 0 .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  compute n1 polynomial of the first kind and derivative .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code to change a gecos user cli example: .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  update   reverse
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the qos scanner .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  validate the provided password .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  if   null
truth:  insures   null

test:  sends a livestreamer or the at path .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   program

test:  return a list of country time zones .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the absolute path of a jid .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  test   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test that timeit works as expected .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   wether

test:  unpack unpack points to network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encodes   encode
truth:  encodes   a

test:  return true is job is disabled cli example: .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  return   return

test:  create all folders .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to the sdist tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   server
truth:  build   sdists

test:  get all attachment records .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return function around around around the substitution function .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get shared where database for all user .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  list   return
truth:  list   list

test:  removes removes test tags from a flag .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  passing   tags
truth:  clean   up

test:  make an array with a view class .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  make   use
truth:  build   a

test:  given an zoneminder page .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   page

test:  return the list of coefficients in f and return the list of f .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator that respect to the garbage of this decorator .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  for virt only .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  set   storage
truth:  default   default

test:  finds all variables in a template .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  to   filter
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the circular variance along the given axis of data .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  return   a
truth:  move   move

test:  compute the power of the initial scale of a violin plot .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   scaling
truth:  compute   variables

test:  test whether a reference has a valid reference from a small-screen .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  test   null
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  fetches a list of available keypair cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  null   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator for benchmarks that do not change the function .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inject custom commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  called   command
truth:  called   null

test:  recursively resolve :py:class:clearedvalue .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  split   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the list of commonfooter messages from the user .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  requests   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy the given document to another .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  source   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  check that hosts doesnt segfault on parallel .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  null   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style server with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  gets the titles information .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  read   jobs
truth:  read   read

test:  escape value .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns none .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   numbers

test:  return the directory for the local cache file .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  package   null
truth:  return   a

test:  encode a number into bytes using the given number .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a role for a user on a domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   sin
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cache security group cli example to create a cache security description .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  determine the specialization signature as a dictionary .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   data

test:  called prior to deploying the site time to configure custom site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   assert
truth:  called   null

test:  loads data from mapping file .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   mr

test:  compute the string similarity between two token .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  implements   implements

test:  get a timestamp for an object which has any timestamp .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  perform the launchpad git device .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  to   information
truth:  return   return

test:  get metrics in the section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  display   changes
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals with dates .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  parse a json callback into a list of data .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  to   callback

test:  returns a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a navigation navigation structure for use in navigation .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  upgrade all packages via opkg upgrade returns true if successful is specified .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  run   check
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  clean the function used to clean it in a chunk of a ignores line .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  url   url

test:  add a box with the correct location and the margin .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  text   a
truth:  surround   ax

test:  sends a remote method to a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  to   cast
truth:  to   cast

test:  assert whether the input and mask are within the same number .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  assert   check
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return shell_history information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   smbios_tables
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the color(s) on the color(s) .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns true if the pid exists .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate the authmechanism uri .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   parse
truth:  input   input

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   entry
truth:  update   entry

test:  given a name .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  takes   a

test:  replace macros with a given tree of the input inputs into a given tree .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  place   a
truth:  simplify   a

test:  put a string to text in a single spaces .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  gets   assert
truth:  text   text

test:  create a sharedvariable model .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  greatest common divisor algorithm returns euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  bulk delete .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  like   request
truth:  apply   action

test:  validate the power of a power or *pointset* .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  if   check

test:  run the given callables one after the other .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  returns qual stats from a base position or base description of position description .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  list   null
truth:  bins   bins

test:  finds and return the first element in the tree .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns a dict of reverse license for a given set of possible license .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup worker optimizations .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  point   logger
truth:  setup   worker

test:  compare the version of a version string .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   version
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return an iterator over the cumulative element of an iterable .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a name like proc proc proc proc .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  return   arrays
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fixture that fixture fixture will delete a mock of mock qkeyevent .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  create   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  null   value
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks that all finite have finite to a numpy array .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  assert   checks
truth:  like   like

test:  regression test for url .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   in
truth:  include   include

test:  test latitude .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   latitude

test:  parses a schema resource field .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  place for creating a new coolmagicapplication class with the given instance .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   method

test:  iterates over all indices in the css list .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   group

test:  return the object .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  null   null
truth:  config   key

test:  imports an object bindings using the contribution key bindings .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  load   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a timestamp to timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  converts   a

test:  the factorial function .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  tests retrieving a single object using the staticfiless object .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  retrieving   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  given a clsid .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  checks facet name is not too long and matches facet names .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  check   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  recurse through flash encryption request .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  extend   a
truth:  return   a

test:  stop a container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle control register data strobe bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   toggle
truth:  control   control

test:  compute the base64-encoded .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  cache   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  wraps diagramm .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  overrides   a
truth:  create   a

test:  updates the value in the cluster file .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  code   in
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 bucket .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  calls get_all_stats .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  do   a
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  flatten an iterable .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  nested   null

test:  create a dataset dataset instance .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a new composition of extra copied from a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure bad setv cant compile invalid setv .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert single component or raise if there is a trace or dict .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  take   null

test:  compute connectivity connectivity for all connectivity .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   connectivity
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  registers the signals .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  register   register
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return a data dict that can be used to generate a data dict .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a genome with corners for the right verbose .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  null   class
truth:  null   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a frequency configuration from a uri .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  null   utility

test:  return true if any of the function passed to the function fun .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   null

test:  a skeleton code to send a service to the code indicating the import server .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  return   registration
truth:  log   in

test:  helper function deserialize protobuf to footer .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  convert   message
truth:  null   helper

test:  search for text by replacing a regular expression .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  search   search
truth:  takes   a

test:  delete all apps .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clean   requests
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the number of seconds in a violin graph .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   graph

test:  adds a value to the whole type .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  go   null
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return markup with options .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  apply   html

test:  loads the libzmq executable .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   load
truth:  bundled   load

test:  display information about the database .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  display   database
truth:  print   databases

test:  determine whether a particular error is equal to the nearest error .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the text form of a try to html .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  text   text

test:  produce a coefficient to be used for any sample upp grouping grouping grouping .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  needed   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a julian into a julian .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  convert   a

test:  sign a blob for use in bytes .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  change   a
truth:  signs   a

test:  returns the style object either a list of tuples or style .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  verify   request
truth:  if   null

test:  obtain a status from a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a composites composites dictionary .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  view to filter on a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  to   view
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a float into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   null
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  start a carbon server on a given host .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  create or delete config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  given a list of nulls frames .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  make   create
truth:  null   event

test:  return a test suite for all the test flag in the test suite .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   create
truth:  make   a

test:  print the output of the nest display .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  output   wrapper
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level implementation of hermite polynomials of the 1st kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  tests the creating and after the passdef type .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  make   a

test:  updates a service cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  change   change

test:  updates a list of all the addresses in an iterator .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  update   update
truth:  change   change

test:  test that socket can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a value instance instance .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  return   null
truth:  describe   null

test:  look for the default value .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  look   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  store an object in the specified bank .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  make   null
truth:  store   information

test:  calculate distorted box for a given image .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  render   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  checks to see if email is a valid email address .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a package to be package using the pkg name .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  json handler for serializable serializable .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  return the request type to use for auth request type .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   temporary

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   environment
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the given uri has a filter name .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  return   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a random openssh of the domain_name .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  function   create
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decode a field_data data string .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  set up the requested alarm control panel platform .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  return shared information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   memory_map
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the display canvas canvas .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  extend   get
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieves the configuration to the notepad pages .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  look   null
truth:  function   function

test:  does the set of resets the dirty flag .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  set   a
truth:  resets   a

test:  convert text returning document into example macros .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  text   prefix
truth:  create   a

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  io   mne
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  context manager to temporarily add a path to the path .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  adding   context

test:  returns the local file or none if it exists .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   attempts

test:  main function to register a datacenter in a user .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  let   null

test:  converts a timestamp from a timestamp string to a timestamp object .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a sm backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  set   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   test
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted tuple into a :py:class:datetime .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  non-differentiable similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  null   coefficient
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a call to run process ready .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a numpy array to an ndarray .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  handle   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensures that the item exists in the database .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud dns .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a blob from upload blob .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a repository manifest of the repository manifest from the repository manifest .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  return   description
truth:  get   get

test:  replaces python code with the same name .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  allow   code
truth:  transform   transform

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  perform any exceptions that are raised in the string .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  test   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  poll the status of the current python power or kill kill .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  set   set
truth:  request   power

test:  get the all the directories to use .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a show id from a relative id .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  read compensation 32-bit floats from the plain text .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  create a glance metadata for the specified key .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  add   return
truth:  update   update

test:  test that an ssl linux .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  use   null
truth:  test   test

test:  convert predicate string to latex form .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   expression

test:  return the free free pointer .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  return the pants version of the current linux distribution .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add the given file or directory cli example: .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  to   like
truth:  flip   null

test:  syspath responsible of a real device only have a real device name .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  merges two parsed data .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  apply   merge
truth:  nested   merge

test:  show a list of all datestamp .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  format   a
truth:  enter   null

test:  returns only if a slugify load an optional suffix .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  strip any additional parameters from the query .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  do   multiple
truth:  strip   strip

test:  create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fixture which provides a enterprise enterprise .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  configure   class

test:  string escaped for use in a string .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  return   function
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  extracts the token from a cookie by cookie accepts a request headers .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  extracts   in
truth:  given   a

test:  for a given compound directory .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  render a template with its buffer as context .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  text   render
truth:  create   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   a

test:  find the leading coefficient of u mod v .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  step   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  generator to unpack strings in nested sequence .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  simplified   crud
truth:  to   iterator

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  search   search

test:  return a string representing the vat number .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   correlation
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the geometric conj between a and b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  null   versions
truth:  null   relation

test:  return a dict describing how to new values of change orig to new dictionary .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  return   a

test:  populates a form variable for a basket type and product it .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  basestring   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  solves lap_sparse x_i = a .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  solves   string
truth:  null   a

test:  test performance of saturation function .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  color   color

test:  iterator over an iterable of values .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  creates a yaml table string for opentype os/2 tables .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  formats   formats

test:  a function to allow testing the formats to get a mock requests .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  creates   cudnn
truth:  mock   mock

test:  creates a form data object from a form instance .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   mode

test:  verify an http anyuri resource is present .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel fail .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  test   pip

test:  a function that can be used to create a temporary dummy callback by the activitys directory .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  fixture   test
truth:  to   function

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   field
truth:  return   field

test:  set a setting in a python replacement file .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   up

test:  individual insert/commit pairs via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  change   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the internal document object .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  makes   power
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the named grafana password is present .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the plugins of a plugin plugin .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make the api call to another api .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  queries   json
truth:  put   put

test:  gives the index of the maximum value along an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  check if an object is an same memory .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  scenario#represented should respond with tags from the scenario .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenarios
truth:  null   null

test:  read a file in data format from file .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  read   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns true if all non-empty pairs are a valid ip sequences .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  scale   dictionary
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz4 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  default rooms rooms .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  serve   default
truth:  -   -

test:  fetches all ratings for the given exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  detect inorder instance for a given node .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  returns   a

test:  object untrash .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  updates   view
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for cinder qos to reach a new qos qos as a new qos .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  null   folder

test:  reloads djangos response of a larger string .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return an annotation-list instance .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return the size of the device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  return   size

test:  create an instance profile cli example salt myminion boto_rds .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns one or more units that are the same units .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   get

test:  list all projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  destroy the provider fw .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test that a cases function can be used to test fasta .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a power7 to a 3d pathpatch .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  package   null
truth:  return   return

test:  runs the environment variable .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  if   null
truth:  install   django

test:  sets the config variable for pyglet successfully .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  link   server
truth:  set   gl

test:  given a string containing environment cwd .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  null   build
truth:  check   check

test:  create a set of attribute .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  encode a binary string as a unicode string .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  encode   string
truth:  return   return

test:  setup as a sphinx extension .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  install   call
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  return   try
truth:  to   try

test:  check if a theano variable has a theano variable .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  check   variable
truth:  check   number

test:  check whether the given item is over an same subset .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  usage   usage

test:  check 3 observations in the 1d 1d code .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  assign   code
truth:  null   version

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  validate if s passed in escape is a color .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  s   s
truth:  return   a

test:  return debugging frame object .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should correctly parse a step step definition with behave_as .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  null   step
truth:  null   null

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the fully file name .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  the number of binary objects of binary bits in the input list .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  display   n

test:  returns a human-readable sentence string .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a string representation of the pack version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  format   number
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a new guppy tuple .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  setup modbus sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  setup   mqtt
truth:  set   up

test:  generate a random length .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  list   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the pid of a module .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  function   get
truth:  to   try

test:  return the path to the directory where salt cloud is stored .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a string of the form from a string to a dict .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   manager

test:  insert data into a return data dict .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   data

test:  build the url from the article .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  setup cover controlled by shell commands .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  release a module-level lock for is a no-op .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   releases
truth:  release   release

test:  render a given response into a template .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate a network with project or network .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   a

test:  renders a accordion request to the specified contents .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  render   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type l2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  remove commands that should be referred to remove the virtual virtualenv .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set the value of an object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  loads a file in the local folder .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  load   null
truth:  read   data

test:  returns manifest manifest from the package in a directory .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  get   file
truth:  null   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backend requests requests .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns a string representation of the given date .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  shows cohort discussion discussion category .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  null   topics
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password password matches the three part of an digest digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get text document as sorted order .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns slug matching project .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  tests   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  traverse up the results .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  look   a
truth:  null   method

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  ensure   load
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch an image from a target .
truth: grab image . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  grab   image

test:  send pending features to the front of a given template .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce all the bounce in the cluster .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   traffic
truth:  bounce   null

test:  undo the event by shutting it to the current event .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  rotate   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a query to create the url for a question .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  to   create
truth:  make   a

test:  returns list of superset names from file .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  return   names
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   type
truth:  null   type

test:  calculates the intervals at the front of an array .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  indices   solve
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  retrieves the value for deprecated .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  count number of leading and raise invalidgitrepositoryerror if f .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  content   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set the state of the screen .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  produce a colorbar for a requested spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  see   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  calculates the memory setting of a python setting .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  collects   find
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  test quantity representation of a quantity at a time .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  step   version
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the service is configured on boot .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  generate an expected value for a asset in the expected value .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  function   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  get a string representation of a python string .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  returns   endpoint
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return the names of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a random array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  works like :func:has_request_context but for the current request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  like   like
truth:  if   null

test:  create a grid of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   entity
truth:  create   a

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  test the user id .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  is   a
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this convenience function is implemented with the unit class .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  see   test
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  this should be overriden in a windowing environment if drawing should be done in interactive python mode .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  required   null
truth:  null   performance

test:  return a dict with feature .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively include files in the given directory and all directories in the given directory .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  skip a test if a warning is in use .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove leading zeros from f in k[x] .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  compute   convert
truth:  include   include

test:  return a list of names in global variables .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a byte term in bytes to a post-hook-method-name using a search .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   term

test:  return list of images that are available .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the arma minify of the correlation coefficient .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  create dummy dummy apps .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  setup   contacts
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to connect to an ssh connection .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  to   method

test:  return the default style components: components: if any or contains contains non-ascii characters .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  use   set
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a feature string has scenarios .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   feature

test:  print a sequence of int representing the nltk/ channel .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  show   version
truth:  return   root

test:  test if a model instance has a permission to be permission .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  coerce code to a rule .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  coerce   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an image to a bitmap response .
truth: return blit . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the zoneinfo file descriptor .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  draw a single loss between labels and labels .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  null   batch
truth:  adds   null

test:  compute the itilbert kernel of a discretized function .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  null   version
truth:  return   inverse

test:  set the user module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller @todo: action controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  null   crud

test:  create a random sample from a distfitmc parameters nrepl : array-like probabilities of distfitmc coefficients of the dataset is returned by content-type variables that is calculated : bool if true
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  used   arrays
truth:  run   run

test:  create an ndarray that is even within an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  return the directory path without live numbers .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   name
truth:  return   current

test:  test that phone phone generator of invalid ways .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   values

test:  reads a getlines getlines file and returns the list of tuples .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  null   find
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set new subtitle file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   file
truth:  set   new

test:  read p4 for disaster .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  read   character
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  convert a port number to cpu seconds since cpu components .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  convert   convert

test:  creates a unique class name for a given name .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  import and return the module as deprecated .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  given   a
truth:  import   import

test:  return the similarity distance distance metric to quantify the similarity between two dc .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  null   fixes
truth:  return   cosine

test:  compare an input string for programmatic and i/o .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  input   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper function returning a directory or a file .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  tests that system folders without flags can be labeled when flags have at least one role can be labeled dont have a folder .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  concatenate text into html .
truth: return the text . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  get   usage
truth:  provides   null

test:  send emails to a single notification email .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  send   email
truth:  renders   null

test:  remove the hexadecimal character from the file input .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   a

test:  modify a mode value .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  eeprom value from dictionary to duplicate duplicate files .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   word

test:  like os .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  make   directories

test:  turns a kegg file into a python object .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  computes the jacard distance between a and b .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the learning phase flag .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse an rfc822 in a string format into a time object .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  dumps json object to a string .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  return the job name .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  to   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a clauses from a file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a single resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  creates   put
truth:  to   post

test:  generate the sql hash subclass based on the configuration .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  generates shared shared size from the range of the reason .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  exit   returns
truth:  initialize   a

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  takes   find
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a file from disk .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  file   a
truth:  file   file

test:  simulate memory usage in a function that will be used to calculate the chpi-fitting error .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   return
truth:  simulate   a

test:  returns a list of pairs from a row .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  like   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  return a string representing the major and the current path .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  set the subprocess .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  blend the two images .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  s   policy
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is just a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   test
truth:  is   null

test:  return a standard composite of the command output in: .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  return   code
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: pathignore execute pathignore tasks .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   pollscm
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  provides   matplotlib
truth:  return   return

test:  creates new methods with upnp .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  build   a

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  set   checks
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  return true if the object is a generator name .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the users environment .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  find a single map of a dataset of a dataset .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  run   iterator
truth:  apply   a

test:  insert the descendants of the descendants to the parent .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  indent   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a query by an memcache .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  attempt to remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert utc to decimal decimal string .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart the httpd httpd .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  construct a getmore table definition from the source .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  guess data into a file .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  extract the current page from the page string .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  print out the user would redirects to the canvas page .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only allow specific module if the os is available .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   null
truth:  work   work

test:  verifies that the roles contains admin roles .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  context   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the in-db name is small enough to the column .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a search pattern that returns a list of all pairs in data .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  null   return
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   names
truth:  get   names

test:  create a test method with the given name and kwargs .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  construct   test
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add or remove the metadata on the compilation .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  filters   metadata
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the supplied arguments takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the weight of a directed graph g .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  return   null
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a metric protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  downloads the data in a usable format .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  blocks   update
truth:  pack   pack

test:  checks if a git sha is a valid format string .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  convert a size string into a valid size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  null   invariant

test:  plots plot .
truth: table plot . 
test:  create   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  reshape shape of shape elements .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this generator is taken from another process .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  content   github
truth:  post   post

test:  helper function for removing a figure in an array .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  display   display

test:  calculates the square root of an array .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  sums   elements

test:  returns whether the given category is the auto category .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish real-time command .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  null   metrics
truth:  to   null

test:  return the md5 hmac hmac 512 .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  a generator that yields all packages .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return true if x is a iterator .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  open a file to the _ _ .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  read   in
truth:  follow   a

test:  checks that the given root directory exists .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  files   files

test:  creates a list of attributes of the specified object .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  func   set
truth:  null   helper

test:  restart a a container container container id cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  restart   a

test:  in the center manner .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  finds   change
truth:  return   parallel

test:  generate the raw payload payload .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  compute   usage
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allow versions of this package to be assigned .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   get

test:  build the inverse map from each inverse of the mapping .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   a

test:  given a dict .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  given   one

test:  update or add resource languages .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  search text from a users search .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  list   tables
truth:  search   keys

test:  remove messages from a job .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   sync
truth:  clear   background

test:  delete a calendar into the calendar .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  updates the locate database cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  get a seen_union seen_union epoch for epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  see   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to run methods on active .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  servicerecord view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  register a view to redirect to a node with publicdef .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  like   message
truth:  display   display

test:  return a list of dicts a connection with a given translation .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  like   a
truth:  return   return

test:  launch a figure with defined axis .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  needed   signal
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a string key .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  insert a file to the users editor .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  ensure   finish
truth:  file   file

test:  return the mode of a given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  return   version
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start block .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  return   read
truth:  desired   get

test:  return the growing network graph with n nodes .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the unicode encoding of a given encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  build a possible list of possible methods used by the status_code status_code .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  view   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets the service name for this project .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   api
truth:  gets   null

test:  vectorized linear unit function .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  null   order
truth:  order   order

test:  parses a date string from a datetime object .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  takes as input a file or a network .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the versioned id for a resource .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function which get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generates imagenet of a single image of the given label .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  find all the partial directories in the partial functions .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  return   insert
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  get command line arguments from the user .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  build   build
truth:  supports   null

test:  returns a milestone like system .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  render   returns
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  write a new docs file at path .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  start   app
truth:  setup   docs

test:  returns a value containing the querying model whose keys exists .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create and configure an anonymous request .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the number of seconds required to hold a specific number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  token   token

test:  get fast dot product of sklearn data .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  find   coordinates
truth:  get   get

test:  validate and verifies a string .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  fix the attribute dictionary .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  make   handler
truth:  converts   payload

test:  takes a list of revision as a string and converts it to a corresponding dict .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  is   null

test:  construct an extension pattern that can be inserted to a python data pattern .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  if   a
truth:  search   a

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  read curvature .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  read   read
truth:  load   in

test:  compares against the absolute patterns of f .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  to   null
truth:  using   filter

test:  see str() .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  create an openstack cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   principal

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  shifted   behave
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  decorator to acquire the app from a app .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  if   app
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  create a unicode table for all tables in the database .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  generate a new cookie name .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if a string is a pkiz .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  displayed view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  translates   view
truth:  display   display

test:  given a dictionary without any vagrant content .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  mangle mako loop in a loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse the yaml yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding python object .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command options and global times .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  config   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  general api takes in audio file .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  guesses   server
truth:  merges   video

test:  unpack a single signal manager .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  test   signal
truth:  null   initializer

test:  a numpy all-zeros + integer + -(max) .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  validate   test
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the values of a new attached attached by the function .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse authorization http header .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the number through the intersections through the line for the x point and going going through the beets .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  signals from running tests that automatically extracts the black black unification for this instance of the instance .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  null   variant

test:  called at the source code .
truth: helper function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports reports for given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  collect context for html files .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  parse   html
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  returns a tcollector ticket from the issue socket .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  inverse function for the chi^2 probability density function .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  principal components of the observed line .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return true if the code is using http request .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  get python type for the program instance .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  view decorator that requires user to access a request .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a random salt with psycopg same as encode() but generates random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  make   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of custom table names in the given django statements for all custom models found in an capitalized .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  filtering   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  returns a state whose state is in status .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  return   vm_state
truth:  map   map

test:  return the locale path for the language code .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the executor modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the candidate configuration files .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  activates   scroll
truth:  generate   a

test:  save the local cache as tex .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  convert a json node to the native object .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a document to a string .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   wrap
truth:  convert   a

test:  deactivate a users realm .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  keeps   a
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  generator function for converting a list of lists to numba value .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   storage

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like iterable .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  trunc seconds from etcd .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  get   methods
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  extracts package name from "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  see that normal hdr: behaves correctly .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  testing   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  set the location of the python module .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  reflect   null
truth:  set   set

test:  creates a file and returns its expected value .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  content   a
truth:  create   create

test:  register a folder storage .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  release the release of the git branch .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  test   run
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   length
truth:  limit   limit

test:  double-decode required .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  to   try

test:  callback for doctesting method .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  null   back
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by seconds .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   datetime
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  system a function to be called via the system .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  command   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns a charts or function that matches the given criteria .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  to   check
truth:  null   a

test:  list versions for the given function cli example: .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  list renderers for all renderers .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  validate a key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  maps   return
truth:  translate   a

test:  returns a list of security groups to use .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the time zone time zone safe for work status .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  override system if system supports the system .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  null   docstring
truth:  url   url

test:  return an adapter adapter script .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a list of sizes from the provider .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   student
truth:  list   cloud

test:  returns the base groups of a base and opattern .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  use   null
truth:  base   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   correct
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the "needs location .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  main function .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  null   a
truth:  debug   debug

test:  process a single exception handler .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  build   function
truth:  run   program

test:  checks that a file has a valid encoding .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  text   test
truth:  creates   a

test:  print a diff report .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  strips a module and imp within imp .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   alternative

test:  check that any indices in the same string contains tuples .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  if   null
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns true if obj is iterable and contains iterable .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator to ensure the handler is being available .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config if it exists .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a intersection of the graph that exist in g .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  completely remove a list of files from the erroneous constructor .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  local pop of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  suspend   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add the course enrollment to the course enrollment list .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  sync   add
truth:  append   course

test:  table with normal names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  if   input
truth:  null   null

test:  returns all matches found in the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   matching
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use netmiko to save the devices .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  set   set

test:  converts a numpy dtype or type of broadcast_arrays objects to a numpy dtype .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  write   a
truth:  function   function

test:  start a "service" on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  performs   returns
truth:  powers   powers

test:  helper function to send a summary of summary .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   a

test:  add pillar units to the registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  add   null
truth:  to   null

test:  runs the pip endpoint with the executed logger .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  run   status
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return the path to the app .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  format   a
truth:  get   get

test:  base64 decodes a string .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  remove   jose
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  perform morphological function of the first kind of t .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize the logging .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  configure   clone
truth:  init   init

test:  test that test directory can be used as a test cases .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  test   implementation
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns a mandatory decorator that turns a function into a semi present in a concrete function at the end of a "start" module into a function productcrossselltype .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  multivariate   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook to show a warning the warning .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  opens   hook
truth:  to   hook

test:  find __init__ in the local process .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the first child data in the tree .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that a series of several $() or container parameters num_peaks : string or unicode .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns 8-bit 8-bit string from a given utf8-encoded string .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  escape   unicode
truth:  string   string

test:  handle neighbor of arma effects .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  null   correlation
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  helper method to display an interactive interactive interactive interactive deprecation output .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  del the named broadcast .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  del   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  clears the review review .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  convert list of indices in a dictionary of indices .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  indices   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the client id of the given scope id .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  looks at the decimals; in a string .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port name .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  list all python modules .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the cos function .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  performs   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct contingency matrix from a model .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  find   a
truth:  build   a

test:  takes a dictionary of dicts .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  find the index of an iterator .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  split   null
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  convert real matrices into numpy .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  allow   nova
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the access token for the given token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split the arguments from the provided arguments .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   a

test:  return the current db .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  returns   returns

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  cross   send
truth:  send   send

test:  returns the group database information for a group .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  lx lx exceptions .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  selected   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  retrieves the virtual info for the given image and case-insensitive cli example: .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  used   information
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract global values from a list of image files .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  pulls   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a new *rules rule .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  list   a
truth:  result   result

test:  install already in kivy mode .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  install   install
truth:  import   import

test:  you can send to your report .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  if   send
truth:  send   auto

test:  get a generator of version mappings based on the version of the version number of version .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  elementwise divmod function .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  get   get

test:  get the install additions of the virtualbox package cli example: .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  compute the polynomial of the polynomial in separate c: .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  divide all coefficients by x**n in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   gcd
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  update dashboard stats with the given user_id on the remote creator .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  be   update
truth:  save   statistics

test:  differentiate dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  used   square
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse the parameters .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  negate a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  compute   metrics
truth:  make   null

test:  test that download exit status code when blank requirements .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  null   permissions
truth:  download   download

test:  geometric average mean between prediction and other inputs .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  text   null
truth:  take   null

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  get an adapter adapter to the user adapter .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  coordinate   a
truth:  list   list

test:  adds a ratio of the block through variable .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  reading   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  remove inside appropriate os .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decode base64 encoded string .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  using   decoder

test:  extract the email address that should handle typically typically in text .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a memoize memoize decorator that ignores arguments and clears the default cache .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  memoize   a
truth:  is   null

test:  change profile .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  null   a
truth:  render   render

test:  computes the maximum likelihood estimator .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  null   vectors

test:  initialize the a-z function .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initialize   version
truth:  initializes   null

test:  get the installed entrypoint migration .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  make   get
truth:  get   get

test:  logs a log file .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  assign a random id that contains no differences .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  assign   shortcut
truth:  return   return

test:  reset to database .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  running   running

test:  resolve an encoding name into the encoding .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   return

test:  stop a simple function .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  initialize   stop
truth:  compose   null

test:  get all api keys in the given api cli example: .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  given   a
truth:  gets   information

test:  takes a list of dicts and returns a list of values for the given value .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  adds a message with the request level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  retrieve inverse of epochs on a file .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  calculates the harmonic mean of nan and policy .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the nth moment of the lower n .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   sample
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize a locale name for assert_has_called backslash .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   nd
truth:  use   nd

test:  return a list of indexing indexing chunks .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  chunks   null
truth:  null   chunk

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if matplotlib version contains installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  create   a

test:  craft a gcode file .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  validate that the namespace containing a namespace or counting .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the configuration options for this deployment .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if x is a inverse of the new scalars in y .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  computes multivariate arrays .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compare   a

test:  makes a flask response with a "base object .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  return   request
truth:  null   factory

test:  parse the authentication response .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   service

test:  utc utc time in epoch notation to utc .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  format   a

test:  removes an amazon resource from the specified zone .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  determine if a given name is a valid type name .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  find   function
truth:  null   null

test:  make a directory for the given python path .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  null   clone
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a pushover user .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  called   a
truth:  send   a

test:  build a hover chart using the dimensions in the test .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   tixexfileselectbox
truth:  null   null

test:  set the basic .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  watching   sets
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at the same decimal .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   regression
truth:  test   test

test:  insert a data into the database .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  import   sql
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator which yields the pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  setup the introduction component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  parse   indentation
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return a packages activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the vertex command line of an array .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the path to the module root .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  truncate number of w .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  truncate   window

test:  remove the given directory .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run markdown from the given options and exit .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  configure the system layout cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   current

test:  return a list of users parent directory .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  get   values
truth:  ask   null

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   find
truth:  strip   a

test:  returns true if the raw whisper whisper whisper .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  value   null
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send command to exit with no console output .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   one
truth:  send   a

test:  return a list of all the available vm images on the device .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  download an object from the s3 location .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   read
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  outputs   one

test:  return the variance of the list of values in the given list of values .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  computes   standard
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the confusion matrix .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific login login method required by the given login method .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a uuid .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  generate   a

test:  bayesian information criterion or schwarz criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  null   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  hidsums - filters - targets - filters based on filters .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  null   expand
truth:  -   -

test:  build a class from a cdao document .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  setup a gpio with a particular slogging .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  null   teardown
truth:  setup   setup

test:  uploads a file to the s3 bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask to open a signal .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  max repository tokens that should be empty .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  null   repositories
truth:  null   key

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  try to download the ip from the given target .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  download   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that returns cpu running the cpu api .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the list of unique tree in the salt tree .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  split   return
truth:  turn   null

test:  load *plugins output from plugins .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  load   a
truth:  named   load

test:  test verifying emails .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  have   test
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  read ssh data from an invalid binary file .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  read   package
truth:  read   read

test:  decorator to query when a query response is automatically query otherwise .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  have   null

test:  check a preferred large of and second .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that tpots is positive .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  verifies that the national number is present .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the function ports to a config file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  create   a
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check if a continuous query exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  use this function to get the endpoint to use in mailchimp .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  sum   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return server version from varnishd -v cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   server
truth:  return   version

test:  find ellipse player .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  logs   widen
truth:  draws   null

test:  updates the rate of the given user .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  content   password
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all the metadata in the thread which the given thread and merge them into a dictionary .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  list the installed versions of ruby cli example: .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file names matching a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return information on a network interface cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   network

test:  convert space to the nearest grid grid grid .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  null   maps
truth:  create   a

test:  checks if a command exists .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   one
truth:  create   a

test:  sends a message to hipchat .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  requests   a
truth:  using   migration

test:  generate a handle in a software file name .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  extracts   information

test:  load drivers from a given plugin type .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   tests

test:  fixture that returns a mixin table with the get global parameters .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  hidden   a
truth:  to   fixture

test:  get assist code for project .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  null   map
truth:  return   python

test:  lists the game at the specified scores .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  use   helper
truth:  use   use

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a new group from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check whether mdict is l2-norm .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the list of all features on the system .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  annotate a list of full paths .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  build   case
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the results list and data list .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  determine if a point is inside another point .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  returns true if any of the anno does not exist .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  return a template object based on the gettempprefix module .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  given   null
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  given a value .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  renders   dictionary
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a qt string to the considered sum of scores .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that the query is configured .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a double integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  read ros handshake handshake header from a single mime header .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  write   a
truth:  read   in

test:  test logout dcos .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  fetches   check
truth:  logout   logout

test:  return the primary primary code at source .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  function   get
truth:  return   python

test:  get a default fs selector .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the xpath argument is xpath enough to be handled .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  get http data for a given trace .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  is   null

test:  merge two dicts by step dictionaries into another dictionary .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   attributes
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute the contents of a dir and a hidden dir as a hidden folder .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  url   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a json representation of a python string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  deletes timings from clearing and other time them .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  stored   null

test:  initialize the console logging .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  build the options string for ipython .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  string   remove
truth:  value   value

test:  read a word from a binary image .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  return   find
truth:  get   get

test:  parse an xml xml input namespaces into a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create the equivalent token that should be used as a custom model .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  used   json
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  runs the theme with a given theme .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  function   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return list of directories that correspond to the given dir .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that the random source info between the source info .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  test   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  enable the use of microsites during the startup script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller - used by s3optionsfilter .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the shortcut of a shortcut instance .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  return   accepts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return url without the first null character .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  given   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  return authenticated user model or backend using backend instance .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  validate   correct
truth:  gets   a

test:  get volume types by name .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the demo remotes platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  extract blocks .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  return   encode
truth:  returns   a

test:  test bistochastic .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  test   case
truth:  check   check

test:  return the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  train a model .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  train   training
truth:  loads   null

test:  decorator to wait long on a function or method .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  encode stashed characters .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  parse   html
truth:  extract   null

test:  add an current polynomial to the correct audit .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  print   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the url associated with the given url .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  obtain   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the mentions from the mentions .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  find   find

test:  format the number of jitter can be upper-cased .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   timeout

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test case when a requirements already satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  finds rid of a source likelihood in likelihood .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  return   session
truth:  finds   null

test:  test the optional line option .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  end   test
truth:  test   line

test:  add a direct direct which can be passed to the given shellcode instance .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  set   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  return resizes or local url to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an iterator that returns entries of entries in iterable .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   return

test:  counts the maximum of a list of numbers .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  tuple   max
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of file names in the folder .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  find   find

test:  return the cover metadata for the given container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  response for a view that has a response for a response .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compile a regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  compile   module
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the configured tokens cli example: .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of package directories for all installed directories .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  validate the validation .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  calculates   null

test:  convert a variable to float .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   student
truth:  compute   information

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  compare partitions of baseline blocks .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the class class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   add

test:  save the stats to the given migration .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   calculate
truth:  save   migration

test:  patches an user command to add commands quotas .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  to   correct
truth:  to   null

test:  get a document class .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  checks if this file has a python process in a python 3 .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  file   return
truth:  if   null

test:  helper method to clean headers from a docker headers .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  monkey-patch the ast node .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  send e-mail when a review reviewer is deleted .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  transform   send
truth:  send   send

test:  measure runtime prediction of the whole benchmark on the whole whole tuple .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  estimate   runtime
truth:  measure   measure

test:  wait for a watched and parses an active file into a n_tiles file .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  redirect to a given document .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  stop   indexing
truth:  null   urls

test:  extract the response from a http response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  boolean   a
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute the log of a memcached matrix .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypts an ssh ssh on an ssh public key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  text   null
truth:  text   text

test:  fixture to get a ora2 found found in the test environment .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  test   test

test:  default inbox inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  index   view
truth:  received   messages

test:  test to see if a user has a permission for access to the permission .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  if   utility
truth:  return   return

test:  returns false if graphs are isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml string into a profileentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if a specific cache is available .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns whether the given backend is enabled .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  uninstall an /af/tutorial/issue_2401 by name .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  uninstalls   functions
truth:  return   return

test:  register sample function to be executed upon normal program termination kargs - function to be called at exit code - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  task add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert two or more callables into their appropriate readnonwhitespace .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make a thumbnail with aspect ratio centered centered .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  test that a pkg can be converted to a cudandarray .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return dict that has a naive than offset .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   dask
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert text to bytes .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  computes the sqeuclidean distance of a boolean or n-d .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   test
truth:  computes   null

test:  checks if the plugin is present and .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  set   new
truth:  null   plugins

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  api method to update a badge context .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  context   context

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a path .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   puids
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 to union per indentation .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  separate   use
truth:  use   use

test:  require a project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  to   bar
truth:  require   foo

test:  get the state of the state .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  converts   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of all files in the provided results .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  landing page for webclient .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  render   null
truth:  null   page

test:  redirect to respective server in redirects .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  redirect   a
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy type whose type is exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  unittest test if a file or returns true if it does not exist .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  run a anchor and return the anchor object .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   utility
truth:  reads   html

test:  check if object is a tuple .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  bind strings to the given string .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  like   parameters
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the identity of a given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  small_stmt : simple_stmt | expr_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   stmt
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  sends a score to update score .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  expected   changes
truth:  create   create

test:  get the number of poygon sides .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate all inverse of the given sequence .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  like   itertools

test:  encode cert information from jose format .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   jose
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  return list of preferred aliases .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  null   get
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if there is an extension that contains a given view .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  take   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  n-dimensionally spatial sigmoid sigmoid function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cross   cross

test:  set the path to the path .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  options nit : int .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  null   function
truth:  shut   null

test:  get a flavor or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  only load this module if m2crypto is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function that function gets the list of question within the given template .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  function   function
truth:  to   function

test:  check if the specified service is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  get the maximum principal components of an inner principal .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  compute   indices
truth:  return   return

test:  test with mixin support .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  to   test
truth:  make   null

test:  connect to amazon document_pb .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects as dictionaries with labels .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test riak .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  run   test
truth:  runs   a

test:  explicitly import a modules from deprecated .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  import   import
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieve the request from the childen api .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  get   application
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a string .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  list all messages in the repository upgradable .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  return   information
truth:  function   function

test:  read a file in the given directory and return a list of paths .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  to   package
truth:  read   read

test:  transform multiple tuples into a set of key-value pairs .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  color   merge
truth:  named   add

test:  sends an email to a recipient task .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  context   context

test:  convert an iterable to a list of pairs .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a scalar tag representing the rpm tag .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return true if the given matplotlib is interactive .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  return successful or subclass of the file .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  null   a
truth:  download   download

test:  does the node represent a tuple .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  check   null
truth:  does   null

test:  updates global state when a task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  updates   delete
truth:  update   update

test:  get the unique word from the word .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if flags is update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  passing a string which is suitable for present in a file .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  execute a command .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  command   command

test:  newton of the degree distribution .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   usage
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the path to the widget .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  redirects   directory
truth:  return   return

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   metagenomeseqs
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  computes the paired manhattan distances between samples and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  document indented of <n|alpha> .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  to   null

test:  this test that any ordinal object from a column object should fail if a possible_string_format_functions() and any masked masked .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  checks if a string is a two type names .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  dummy implementation of sysctl .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate the batch of an labels to labels .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  step   labels
truth:  pads   null

test:  dump the summary of a given summary .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  write   variant
truth:  write   a

test:  determine if a procedure has been done on the gcode text .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator to make a function safe for raising an adapter .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  method to start akismet using the api api .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  write a temporary setting from the repository .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  show   no
truth:  apply   apply

test:  convert an rois into network and rois .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  simple poll for predicate .
truth: like common . 
test:  flatten   checks
truth:  like   like

test:  returns true if the given command was executed .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure a launch asg asg .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   delete
truth:  ensure   null

test:  define a class to required strings .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  table with masked groups .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  make   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  ensure that we can do not try to copy do not use within mistakes .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns a string with all relationships from a cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  null   expressions
truth:  work   work

test:  view function that does not cookies return cookies .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  docstring   handler
truth:  null   a

test:  parse the log definition .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   a

test:  this creates a new connector factory .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  add a bunch of note that the firebase note that the firebase note that the firebase note is free .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  return   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  updates a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  get vector3 vertexes from paths .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts a string to a native string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a db type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the title or url is found .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  get   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of filter providers .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create an spatially if a tenant exists and exists .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an image id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sends an email on the deprecated api .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  null   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   vlc
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  parse yaml network details into a string .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  complete   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   template_complex
truth:  template   template

test:  helper to retrieve a resource type from a resource .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  upgrade   swap
truth:  get   resource

test:  attempt to remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  normalize a path .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   return
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return a list of hosts which have been get and foo tests .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  partitions   test
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a port on a specified network cli examples: .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  switch to branch dialog .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  shows   json
truth:  switch   switch

test:  time a given system .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  activate   time
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  send a delete request to the users home directory .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  send   a

test:  validates that this string encodes a valid esi object .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grant handler .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  index   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the list of paths to include in the image .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the file paths to the destination paths .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  read   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get publisher driver module string .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   publisher

test:  returns true if g is a distance regular wanted regular expression .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a tab tab .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls a function or a view function .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  verify that the gpg gpg level of the vm being executed .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  verify   create
truth:  verify   a

test:  discover geometric transform using a given mapping .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  get   shortcut
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if key exists .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   check

test:  rename transcripts .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  dispatch   flask
truth:  copies   copies

test:  fetch the data request and return the response code .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a key/value pair in the etcd service .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  create a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  adds current handler to unpack .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  required   a
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  retrieve info on a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   a

test:  automatically handles docstrings from httpbadrequest direct variable for pnode .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  call   null
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  create gl gl backend for certain parameters .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   checking
truth:  create   app

test:  generate a bunch of sequences .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  instantiates all the git pillar .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  initialize   pillar
truth:  clear   null

test:  yields that resets the given bucket that resets the test acl .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  yields   a

test:  converts a time in seconds to seconds since the epoch .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  yield all the filename names in the filename .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  iterate   generator
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  get the disk usage of system .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   disk

test:  creates a directory .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  make sure that a middleware at the location is valid .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process paths by manipulation and private output .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  open   remove
truth:  process   process

test:  return a dictionary with keys from notifications and lists of notifications .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an object given its fully qualified name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  given   load
truth:  object   object

test:  decorator to use the lets of the given implementation .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  lists datastores in this vmware environment .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  calls url .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  calls   returns
truth:  get   current

test:  return true if all column components are found in the same order .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  reverse   fill
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders a template from the template and fires the template .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  make sure the migrations can be instantiated .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  null   null
truth:  =   =

test:  get sum on a meter for a meter .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  projects   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert attribute to a list of attributes .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  run obsolete .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  starts   color
truth:  run   run

test:  usage: lx decode-url httpresponseredirect .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  config   in
truth:  display   display

test:  efficiently compute the grade grade params from a string .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   tris

test:  school types: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  create listeners on an elb .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   listeners

test:  returns: true if the python module is a fully python executable .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  like   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test transformations of discrete lyapunov .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  solves   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  check that a precision can be used to generate a string .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  wrap a function and retry it .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a popen process from a file .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  null   comments
truth:  null   null

test:  find __init__ file for __init__ .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  wait for the element to be either for the dom element or timeout .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clears globally installed command .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  makes sure the egl for markdown is logrecord .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  write a dataset of non-existent data into a given file .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  execute python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  port   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  merges installing from a superset merge into a single cluster .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  drops   merge
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  given a class .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets all fixed ips from a virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  create an mro by name .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register an connection to the wsgi server .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  double url-encodes all characters in a given payload notes: * useful to bypass some weak web application firewalls that do not double url-decode the request before processing it through their
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  warn missing nonexistent configuration .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  receive a share service in the service .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  look for a grep line .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  null   a
truth:  called   null

test:  removes directories needed for root .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  remove   directory
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an unused port on localhost on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an xml copy of dictionary and dictionary .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  split path into a single filename .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  splits   path
truth:  get   get

test:  create a direct client .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a value to a string for use in a ternary .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  call   checks
truth:  value   value

test:  helper method for getting resource fields .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  return   return

test:  blaze blaze expression from a blaze expression .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start the keyboard button for the left .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  saving   starting
truth:  start   start

test:  return the set of *locale codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a migration or raise if it does not exist .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  simplified   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  regression test for bug fixed with a 2d array .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   rechunking
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  instantiates a keys key and returns its keys .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  append append to the end of the payload .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  adds   function
truth:  complete   null

test:  strips a pickle number .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  load   send
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  create a new private server and start server .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   implementation
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  test that a non create configuration .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  get   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the prefix for the user type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the cdf of the cdf from the specified position .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return decorrelation decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  convert a numpy array into a numpy array .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  send event for a given event .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  construct   scroll
truth:  emit   events

test:  test unicode axes view .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  null   normalizes
truth:  verify   null

test:  complete xonfig xonfig .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   completion

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   implementation
truth:  ask   null

test:  validating this test suite through all node records that apply to all standard records .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  run   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses the given port description .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parse   utility
truth:  parses   a

test:  import and return a module to be imported .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  import   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  input a theano type .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  if   a
truth:  value   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generator for getting a list of python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  null   string
truth:  searches   python

test:  returns true if p is algebraic .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the user url for a query .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  null   options
truth:  default   default

test:  format a string in the form of a floating point to stdout .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  remove   names
truth:  leading   strip

test:  parse ftp or usernames usernames of ftp versions list of ftp versions .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  return   load
truth:  parse   parse

test:  logs a interface .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  simplified   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a filename in a filename format .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx format .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  breaks breaks characters into template chars .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  null   characters
truth:  null   null

test:  compute empty spline with a given encountered in place .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a private secret from which has the given secret .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  null   edges
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns true if we can access to solr .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test parsing of a complex relatively .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   djangos
truth:  test   a

test:  send http request to the telegram api .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  called   update
truth:  make   null

test:  checks whether a string is a decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the file or directory path .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  will kruskal .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  handles   wrapper
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  return an iterator over func elements of func .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  removes the uri at the given path and returns the beginning of the given path .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return information on open ports and states cli examples: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  read evokeds evokeds from file .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  evoked   read

test:  check if there are no config entries .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a custom template function to compile a template .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  build a ht tree that uses a textual tree .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  disables an instance of plugin tracking .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  enables   null
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach a queryset representation of each roles in the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  options nit : int .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  make a pipelineloader that return the channel ch as a dict .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  return   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decode base64-encoded data from a raw base64 encoded data .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  decode   data
truth:  base64   base64

test:  generate a analyze analyze file args: temporary analyze : prime returns: dictionary of prime files prime which to set prime files in temporary files prime returns: prime : prime returns:
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  return   temporary
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  escape   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate a date from the current lowercase .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  create   date
truth:  convert   day

test:  chain an iterable .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pad   pad

test:  parses an http response .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  retrieve   function
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm service prompt section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  detach   request
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if domain a domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the position in the media player dialogs .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as not % b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  default index page .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  index   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to run a run_module module in models .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  encode the input encoding in the base64 encoding .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get anonymous anonymous anonymous cart .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  create   mock
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logout   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  return the default list of modules cli example: .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  to   truncate
truth:  return   return

test:  nice -> string return a repr of a string .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  string   enumerate
truth:  null   representation

test:  returns utf-8 string from the given utf-8 string .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  remove   html

test:  generates an email to be used in a web server .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  releases   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper to write to a module .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  run   apply
truth:  get   memory

test:  turns top_cfg top_cfg in direction directions .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  check   add
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return sample symbol for a language in scheduling .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the warning tuple for deprecated instances .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a system point .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   return
truth:  given   null

test:  parse authorization grant header into a tuple with the form provided by the scheme .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate a dataset from the given dataset .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse the list of parameters .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a value from wsgi environment variable .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  read epochs from epochs .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   read
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to return true if a file exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extract a any possible tuples from the command line .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  mean squared squared squared error between tensors and pred .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  squared   mean

test:  get equation for rectangular values .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  index   view
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the entries in the feed .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  make   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  yaml: tell tell the list of columns .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  used   a
truth:  divides   a

test:  return an items items as a string .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  normalized   null
truth:  sorting   key

test:  return the directory of ipython .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  define   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set selling list of accounts for selling based on settings .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   fetch
truth:  set   price

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  check the contents of the given html .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  test that a user has an invalid user from a l{alias_types} user .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  config   config

test:  get the volume type for a volume .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a string for strings that take a uid and encode it .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  null   uid

test:  get rect from i-th .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  extract   maximum
truth:  find   maximum

test:  set up the ioloop alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register a custom canonical role as an optional role .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieve host according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  host   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  find the most recent data that this permission from the given job .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   a

test:  install routing information .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  install   checks
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy basic auth header tool which back-end has at before_handler to perform http basic auth .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   cherrypy
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the title of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   function
truth:  set   a

test:  check to see if all checks are available .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get a network device from a remote host .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  files   a
truth:  files   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid basics .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  sets the dirty flag for the current thread .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   a
truth:  puts   null

test:  deprecated! an entry to a file .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  writes   function
truth:  null   implementation

test:  remove the specified metadata tags from the custom metadata server .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  yields the command and return its results in a subdirectory encoding .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  run   wrapper
truth:  command   command

test:  test that numpy .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  importing   test
truth:  check   check

test:  make sure exception raised by the parenthesis stack .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  test   matches
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test run-length .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  load   checking
truth:  test   test

test:  require the harden .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  null   default
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a >>= b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  replaces invalid characters .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should extract a single step correctly into a single step .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  call the named container .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: zulip notify zulip triggered plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   xml
truth:  null   null

test:  transform e/meg model into tawn of tawn 100 - theta less than theta .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  mixed   null

test:  return the canonical path .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generates a list of current table overlap .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  if   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes gridspec and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  automatically add user to profile .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return a dict of configurations in the configurations configuration .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the group id to a string on this system under a given ports or order .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a clip epoch time using the given clip .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the path for the sheet .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  used   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  removes the middleware from the http response .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  func   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  unless a value is none .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  returns   noop
truth:  noop   noop

test:  dynamically put the given keyname .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  multiply   val
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a string representing the keys available for inclusion in the project .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update the quotas for a tenant type .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  host   a
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function jn(z) .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   bessel

test:  remove all tasks from a task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  deferredgenerator and waitfordeferred help you write l{deferred}-using code to a deferred .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   pyreverse
truth:  run   pylint

test:  view function which handles a forgotten change .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  email   emails
truth:  given   a

test:  merge a way: way: dictionary .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  merge   create
truth:  is   null

test:  method to make sure the given signal is used with the cputime signal .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  it gets each location details in assigned to the custom question details .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience method for creating a file in a temporary file .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   test

test:  asks asks .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  test   function
truth:  create   a

test:  given a subreddits .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  return   tasks
truth:  given   a

test:  add ami to the drain .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  null   nodes

test:  return the location of the appropriate zip file .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  get   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks that the key exists in the system order .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  create   check
truth:  substitute   a

test:  return a list of hosts for vcenter within the vcenter .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a path into chunks of n elements .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  null   paths
truth:  return   return

test:  this generator yields a file in the local 1024 .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  recursively merge the dictionaries and values of the dictionary keys .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  enables   null
truth:  left   null

test:  context manager to person a file or a filename .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  input   return
truth:  return   a

test:  display an error message and mac mac os .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  queries   show
truth:  null   method

test:  run a new python module in the local directory .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  to   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns true if the cache should be retained .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  checks to see if the account exists .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  call the feature_profile repository of the given repository .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  launch   call
truth:  runs   runs

test:  puts() puts() wrapper to include flags .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  null   disk
truth:  extract   a

test:  sample from an samples .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  samples   samples

test:  removes a qos to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  create a new size containing the given size .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  return the list of all regions and their reservations .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   fill
truth:  report   report

test:  javascript javascript function for the xmodule functions .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  runs   function
truth:  set   up

test:  return the native native range from a human readable format .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  return   range

test:  tests that galambos matrix handle multiple nonnegative nonnegative values .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  takes a list of bits and makes a string of bits .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  pack   convenience
truth:  convert   a

test:  return true if the value is not a string .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  check   null
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the gpsd component .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager to temporarily create a temporary directory .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  returns equation of points .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  get the logger class .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  this function returns a list of torrent that have been marked as a tuple of tasks .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   torrent

test:  converts a floating string to a turtle dict .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  determine if the routine supports the configuration state .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  write   null

test:  function generated in latex form .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the mac address associated with the pci sysfs .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   create
truth:  get   get

test:  list zones of zones .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   everything

test:  create an image instance using imview .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   version

test:  return the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a scalar function .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  null   options

test:  parse a date/time format .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  get   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the file has been zipfile .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  see   null

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  calls the function in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse the post environment .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  update   create
truth:  create   create

test:  ordereddict ordereddict in a python-musicbrainz-ngs .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  convert   names
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns a docs distance between the given distance distance .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return number of *seq* that correspond to a irrelevant or group of 0-1 .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  return   datetime

test:  reload the storage storage policy .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  parse   api
truth:  null   policies

test:  validates the partition to ensure that it exists .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  subscribe a save engine .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  config   handler

test:  sets a commit connection to managed .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  arrange a list .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  null   candidate

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to require the specified instance .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the contents of the named file .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a tuple of current user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a uri starred .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  temporal 3d padding of 3d padding .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  filtering   gaussian
truth:  pad   pad

test:  test version string comparison .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create new dataset of a dataset .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  input   helper
truth:  restricts   null

test:  for sending system email .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  see   null
truth:  sending   sending

test:  return a widget for use in directory .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  run   null
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  return the task object .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  show error unavailable unavailable unavailable unavailable .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  raises   point
truth:  error   error

test:  add c*x**i to k[x] in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that value is a positive entry map .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  number of sent sent in the future .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  null   i
truth:  null   i

test:  reads the oauth uri from the uri .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  look   up

test:  check the similarity similarity of a working similarity .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  checks   delete
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  return true if the last line was read from the last line .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   download
truth:  purge   null

test:  convert hexadecimal string to hex escape strings .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  build a default user for a tenant .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   auth

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   a

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  set   set

test:  create a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  reads a pil file using the autoencoder .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  read   read

test:  delete volume from a provider cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the locales value for an object .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the con chebyshev chebyshev .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  hex   a
truth:  null   calculation

test:  update user location in memcached .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  null   user
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  registers   register

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  selects   a

test:  add a new freedom to the switch .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  checks to see if a pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the magic string used in mb .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  retrieve all the collection ids of the given collection id .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  finds all the daily index .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  to   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  add an speaker value to the whole bytes .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  is   version
truth:  null   parts

test:  open a lock from a fits file .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  determine if a path is inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  uninstall a systemd .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  issue a table with a neighborhood that has the empty view .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  displays a line .
truth: print line . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the review groups or raises a valid review groups .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  null   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts graph6 data to human readable bytes .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  remove illegal or none from url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  update the value of a dict .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  command   update
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a list of scopes to a scope string .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates multiple items in the input number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  use the signal to return a signal that is the distance lag from time expressed as similarity .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  algorithm   a
truth:  order   order

test:  context manager that changes the persons archive object .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  null   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse a content-type like <ctrl-x> .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  template   template

test:  reset the given http object for the specified connections .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  multiprocessing   reset
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  image data resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  returns true if mne is present in the subdirectory environment .
truth: aux function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  use this to walk the message when a log file .
truth: log os . 
test:  log   error
truth:  log   os

test:  copy a function or a method at a given function .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  create   a

test:  replaces all keys in dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper for the models in the proper encode_fs_path .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  int   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute score loss from prediction loss .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  model   implementation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  tests whether the host exists and has the host to see if the command exists .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a python class value to a python fraction .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   duration

test:  only detects if operations is of the local protocol .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the opacity opacity .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  set   null
truth:  change   change

test:  update no configuration changes .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  ensure   url
truth:  null   a

test:  parse and return more lines from large formatters .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (windows version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  transform the probe definition definition to the specified definition .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  maps   maps

test:  convert a single string in bytes into a long string as a long integer .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  take   a

test:  open or create database at path given by *file* .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  is   open
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup app .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  plugin   node
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the dependencies of an reverification-related tree .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   v

test:  logs t-test .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  updates   messages
truth:  set   configuration

test:  tests the api round round .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  return   metadata

test:  api function for creating a draft form .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  returns   contacts
truth:  create   a

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  function   create
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   null
truth:  mount   a

test:  grep count of the substrings queries .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  command   null
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse the response from a dict .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  adds iso program kind to nilrt .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  grab   policy
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns true if the envs should be used .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create matrix with order matrix .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  create   create

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   create
truth:  build   up

test:  create and/or verify a directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  read a python file .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  write   read
truth:  function   function

test:  finds possible items in the given object chain .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  null   work
truth:  null   null

test:  test if the tool has a isoinfo api .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  square   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update an existing repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  update   update
truth:  execute   null

test:  wikipedia all active entities .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   flake8

test:  time series forecast .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  moving   null
truth:  null   momentum

test:  attach a volume name to an openstack server .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  adds cross domain to a argspec argspec .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cotangent .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  resets nodes fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  suspend   fakedrivers
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  return the final status of a list of statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return path to access directories on match .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  to   find
truth:  search   search

test:  test object_uri .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  create a base engine for tests .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  return   return
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  get list of open devices for an interface .
truth: given a server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get hopefully sens sens next(shufflesplit() .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a field to the database .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  optimize   a
truth:  test   test

test:  accepts a json string as json and turns it into a json string .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  render   a
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  configure the interactive tasks .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  start   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  returns the value for a the specified account .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and remove certificates in a private api call .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   certificates
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  build commands from the virtual environment formatted .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   routing
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and session in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  pmids-citation pmids-citation .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  post   a

test:  return the identifier config item .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  load the configuration for a specific set of web service settings .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes json-encodes so that it can be embedded safely safely safely be embedded using utf-8 .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a thumbnail remote object .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  function   create
truth:  create   a

test:  runs a function via smtp .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  run   run
truth:  ensures   null

test:  compile fnclex library .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   entry
truth:  compile   a

test:  given an tag .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  object   values
truth:  given   a

test:  in the sorting readable by angle .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  return an :class: .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a random dataset class .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the given url to be used for the given language code .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the list of ports and their records from the server .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  return   hosts
truth:  get   get

test:  look for a jobconf variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create all manifest in the given package .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  null   create
truth:  archive   sources

test:  gets ansi color by ansi string .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a message from a root of file .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  handle   request
truth:  null   null

test:  remove database records from the db .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  converts a unicode string to a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  compare function from importconditions .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  files   return
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true iff any of the patterns in the given patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  setup directory for ssl ssl config files .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  setup   contextmanager
truth:  move   move

test:  read the config file .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  parse   read
truth:  read   read

test:  check if all items have valid history .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a cohort object for the specified name .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   info
truth:  return   return

test:  get the hypervisor and last warnings/errors of a given uid .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  time   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a subscription to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a plot from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  get the auth string from the http body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  redirect to sluggified and apply preprocessor .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  return   view
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the minkowski distance of the minkowski distance distance .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the script using the plists .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  substitute   null

test:  yield tracebacks tuples of submodules .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   return

test:  when a test case .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  updates the epoch of epochs to assorted .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  prepare   null

test:  sort a list containing only the items in the given expression .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from receiver .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   receiver
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  get current time zone :return: true on windows :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  add a node to the other class .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  adds   matrices
truth:  register   a

test:  parse a topic .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert a long int into a byte string .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  convert   normalize
truth:  use   use

test:  start the datastore mode .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  start   convenience
truth:  to   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume id .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns a prompt with the current set of tokens .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  input   a
truth:  to   tokens

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if mailing is inside a valid unified .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  test   test

test:  updates scene exceptions for a subreddit .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  given   a

test:  return a new string .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  export geojson[p] from short to start delegate .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  write the progress file to disk .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  download   calls
truth:  write   a

test:  a function for receiving a rational matrix .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  singular   logging
truth:  solve   real

test:  training organisation of a person .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   job
truth:  null   null

test:  show a message with the provided title and optionally other arguments .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  text   a
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the [elementwise] switch of a variable .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: stash execute stash .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   text
truth:  null   stash

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  get the site with the given site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  return   check
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a url for the tool shed shed .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  assumes   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  list all all explicit rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  flatten a nested examples .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return system info cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  fixture to fixture that sets the default groups for your test cases .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  use tree to sleep seconds .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  start python service on the local machine .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  a helper function that takes a list of urls or a list of urls .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  join   a
truth:  joins   a

test:  returns true if field is a field .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  builds a config spec for the lsi vm .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  a multi-dimensional distance to distance matrix .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  updates   patches
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix cosine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the list of commands in order to run all node in the case .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  find   a
truth:  run   run

test:  uninstall a app from a app .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  run   a
truth:  remove   app

test:  compute the signal-to-noise leaf of the values of the passed array .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  normalized   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a list of the strings found in the given slug .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  convert   prefix
truth:  removes   everything

test:  serialize python object to pickled form .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  null   -
truth:  given   null

test:  resize image resize .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  text   find
truth:  update   vals

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test one line with a dot line .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  filters the results of a record in list(set()) .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get the login error from the checkout .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the latex ending .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  checks   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  differentiate dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   polynomial
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  strip the features from the csp command .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  to   method

test:  create an ssh url for performing a clean service .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively traverse all filenames and extracts the filenames with those directories .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  files   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  upgrade all packages to the rpm module .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   call
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  gets a list of registered trophy types .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to easily use the temporary directory instead of dirname .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  tuple of subresultant difference between values .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if the socket socket .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  generated the difference between the string .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  return a list of all packages found via __version__ .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the uri of a request .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  does   a

test:  return a gl answer for each problem in this scenario .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  have   null

test:  retrieves the read from the configuration file .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  get   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  method decorator .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  to   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  given an json tab tab .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  test if html has html matches the given text .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  null   html
truth:  if   check

test:  validates that name is a pack string .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  add a type to a valid type for a given type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  return   register
truth:  add   a

test:  create a host string from a file system .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  write   decode
truth:  content   content

test:  send insert command .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  make   send
truth:  insert   insert

test:  returns a list of table sql sql sql sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  repeat a function calls .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  read yielding yielding yielding keys from mailchimp .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  sample   wrapper
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  return the size of the default size that will be used as the given parent .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the project tree .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  gets   endpoint
truth:  creates   null

test:  install and configure the locally object .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   install

test:  returns a urn urn string for pub/sub .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  creates   message
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list response for an error message .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  format   format

test:  convert the state of the state to their callback because it is found .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  guess   player

test:  check that astropys ecliptic systems give answers .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  check   check

test:  process the message when he is logged in .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  show   check
truth:  if   a

test:  coerce value to json .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  check   try
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns the hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  mask   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute the salt-ssh application .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  null   null
truth:  publish   commands

test:  this function converts a class to a python model class .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  interleave   convert
truth:  converts   back

test:  create a new in-memory setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   distribution

test:  decorator that will use python 2 .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  helps   null

test:  clears any lxc limit from the socket .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  fail that starting with expected results in the given template .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  convert a string into a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  adjust the thread area to a folder by the filesystem path .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  provide   updates
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a generator that yields all spaces in a given width .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  return a collection controller to a collection .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   method

test:  returns the javascript dse .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  this decorator should only be used with views which may be set to sort the known known in python 2 .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from command line options .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  get the private key of a private key and rsa key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a tuple containing the maximum distance matrix .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete a user cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-opts format .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   null
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  a helper function to wrap the elementwise of a file .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   decorator

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the dot product of a pair of degrees .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to acquire a middleware method for an api call .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  registers   a

test:  find the usage of a b-spline .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  null   real
truth:  computes   null

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  returns true if fileobj can be opened .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  to   lock
truth:  lock   a

test:  return the promoted of the linux tuples .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  returns   hex
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a list of bytes to an integer or a string of bytes .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  make a ellipse mean which gets the ellipse mean .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  makes   distribution
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a command and read the output as a string .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   merge
truth:  execute   null

test:  return a list of best numbers .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a sentences paragraph string into a numpy paragraph .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  convert   like
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  helper function to replace a list of dicts to dict with all child values .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  like   replace
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  if standalone .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  null   path
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  codenames the *seq* into a list of iterable .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  yield   batches

test:  given an input value .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  prepares   null
truth:  added   stack

test:  attempts to run tests in the file .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  run   files
truth:  walk   null

test:  check that lambda function keywords get based on the ntp .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  delete a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  check disregard against wrong payload .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates a library index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   course
truth:  updates   course

test:  solve a jupyter jupyter of a hermitian fashion .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  solve   singular
truth:  compute   compute

test:  does a module and returns the tree .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  get tasks and other data for a given student .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the mindays for the current thread .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   set

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when given a single input .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add loop to the plane polygon .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  simplified   add
truth:  simplified   add

test:  an arbitrary expression .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  this function connects through the user identifier of an user .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   a

test:  cast value to integer .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  converts   value
truth:  coerce   a

test:  returns iterator over all edges of g .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates all possible replicates for the in-place .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  null   sequence
truth:  function   function

test:  change a string to upper case .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  join   returns
truth:  change   change

test:  check that gpu shared variables do not use various namespaces .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   inverse
truth:  test   test

test:  return a pandas levels .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  test   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns all zones of the specified node zones .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  package   a
truth:  return   return

test:  basic opengl configuration parameters .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  to   backend
truth:  -   -

test:  print raw arg to stderr .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  print   print
truth:  output   output

test:  create a private ip for a linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere model .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  make   setting
truth:  making   test

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  return list of all the active modules .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  basic or advanced array .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  null   a
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  clears all cache for the given cache .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  removes   configuration
truth:  clear   null

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  train a number of instances on all instances of instances .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  array   adjust
truth:  split   split

test:  test that you cant save a duplicate file extension .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  to   try

test:  get the xml element by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filters out the list of apis that are not a users .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  copy the target .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse a kegg file in a record from a handle .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: copyartifact-build-selector set environment variables to the build as environment variables that started the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:envinject plugin true .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a security endpoint from the endpoint group .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  computes a polynomial of a polynomial .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  plugin   i
truth:  return   a

test:  validates the cookiecutter options .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validate   options
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test genextreme when no crash .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   resource
truth:  destroy   null

test:  compute the minimum of an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a server console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check that sample labels provide labels .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function yn(z) and derivative of the first kind .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  view function to reset password .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  resets   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  convert a background array to rgb color space .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   rgba

test:  return the python type signed .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   python

test:  creates an table metadata .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a hosts or layer3 of device info .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  get   commands
truth:  list   list

test:  inplace row row scaling in x .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   field
truth:  inplace   row

test:  returns true if the database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  function   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  renders a certificate template as used by methods and renders it .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  render   certificate
truth:  picks   picks

test:  iterate over all character matches the tree .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns a json object from the given python object .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the expressions of the expression tree .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of eventrenderers from available event request .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a consumers endpoints on a topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  resizes the dependency partition between the start and boundary .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  display   data
truth:  resizes   null

test:  compute the log moment moments for a given order .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  get   null
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  parallel fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  calculates   matrix
truth:  null   fastica

test:  finds all the available django settings in the specified settings .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  try   try

test:  setup the eeg info for eeg purposes .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  log   control
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : 3 .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   pointer
truth:  null   pointer

test:  remove timeline contents for a pipeline .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  register   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns whether the object passed in closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  check   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of all jobs and data in the given dataset .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   json

test:  combines a list of games into one big player sequence of games and return the result .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  get node names on all daily .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  return   linear
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  an path to the file at url in path .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a list of descriptors .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  lists   wrapper
truth:  to   query

test:  set the obey command line at the top of the given request .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  replaces   sort
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence fix 12/26 .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  moving   average
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes the column constraints from the database .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  remove   dict
truth:  decorates   column

test:  allow the default connection to flatten flatten .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  support   support

test:  return an iterator over all example widgets .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  coerces   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test page .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   copies
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of child tags that have a starting tag autocomplete .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  dump color of the color .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  tell   warning
truth:  prints   a

test:  removes virtualbox to clean up any root .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  get a service name via salt-bootstrap .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  adjust   a
truth:  display   display

test:  return the member name for the given password name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns true if the value is a true .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get python source string from asus-wrt .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  spawn   return
truth:  return   python

test:  return current user object returns: walk with different context .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  set the ; command to be enabled .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  assign   sets
truth:  boot   boot

test:  create a dsym file from the given image .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for given user .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  return   enrollment
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test to ensure volume label works in volumes volumes volumes .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  reading   shows
truth:  reading   reading

test:  like turning .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  like   like

test:  returns a list of visible devices .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  given   int
truth:  calculates   null

test:  extract the json from a http json body .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  deserialize   json
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return float in text from 360 instances in sha1> .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   norm
truth:  return   return

test:  unicode and validate a unicode string .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  verify   decode
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  this function creates a tuple of master method .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   conversion

test:  check if object is a binary string .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  generate possible nodes of graph matching the given url .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  list   element
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile the ir function by python post post .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   find
truth:  compile   a

test:  return the global hook variable .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return pantsrefs link from api identified by namespace .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  put   images
truth:  null   null

test:  save a list of state to a list of pregnancy .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   data
truth:  save   null

test:  test whether a path is a regular file .
truth: same as os . 
test:  test   function
truth:  null   null

test:  handler for handling when a user has completed the passed-in login .
truth: update request . 
test:  mark   request
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement and yaxispointingupward .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a tuple of supplied configuration .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  recurse   null
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  get the list of blob from the storage stub .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  decorator to use the specified action to raise a policy exception if the action is not policy .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  return   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  do any path/method request to the given url .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  get the craft preferences from the elementnode .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates groupby fields as instantiated fields .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a consumer object for a request .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  store   a
truth:  create   create

test:  fountain return the random number generator .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  like   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  this is the snippet of the scenario to visit .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return a byte-string version of string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create a version string for the table .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  cleanup   version
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  this should go through the u u .
truth: returns np . 
test:  test   null
truth:  returns   np

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   null

test:  check for deprecated system .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  function   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  call another value using xs .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute whitener covariance .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   push
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  create a class by a function .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid require .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find all the variables in source from source to target .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  save a workbook to a workbook .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  checks to see if a host checks .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  perform   null

test:  check if the file at the given mark .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  null   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  return str if the object is a string .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  to   obj
truth:  returns   a

test:  open a storage file different from google cloud storage .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  open   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  method to generate user from certificate in .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  run   null
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get the face pair pair of an unproven pair .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  execute a ruby command with pyenv .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  rescale the layout by one of the points .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  round   implementation
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine funcs dont data into a single string .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  combine   null

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  updates all translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  prints/logs an error message to the server log .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  results   fill
truth:  log   a

test:  folder add to preselected folder .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   folder

test:  return the variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a file of head snippets and return an iterator of blank values .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  parse   normalize
truth:  parse   data

test:  test with unschedule when the unschedule for a dependencygrammar .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  helper function to run the process .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  fixture   names
truth:  collect   null

test:  returns true if a task clone .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  updates   logs
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns the static file settings .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns true if *obj* is strings and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only succeed if python 2 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  try to find the daemon .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  null   return
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return the path to the container parent directory .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  append   append

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  port   add
truth:  add   add

test:  removes a deferred from a process .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a datetime object of the supported date .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  format   format

test:  creates a new consumers connection with the given details .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  try to import the migration module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  import   a

test:  convert a list of integers into a 2d vector .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several rpm packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the token that the users token should be used to get a users token to use for a request .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  return   changes
truth:  generate   a

test:  find the manifest for the specified face .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  to   a
truth:  find   find

test:  return a list of permissions for a given iterable of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the device associated with the current device .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  formats an array of matrices with a normal distribution .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   matrix

test:  test that math works correctly after purchase is several .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  wait for a message to become the qutebrowser .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  msg   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  a method that attempts to create a new event .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  to   create
truth:  null   one

test:  reauthenticates a user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  null   a
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nth derivative of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  compute   nth

test:  check compensation compensation by removing the compensation data .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  checks   use
truth:  check   check

test:  generate a pantsrefs link to precompute github api .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  look   a
truth:  return   links

test:  get all child branch .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   branch

test:  returns list of longest ids .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  chooses   null

test:  return a relative path with a list of strings .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get current search location .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  search   search
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set attributes for the given vif name .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  set   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  function calculates the mongodb port .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  function   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  scan the 'salt and get the original string for a raf cli example: .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  processes translation of user .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  returns   translation
truth:  loads   unit

test:  returns the xdg config directory .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  check   xdg

test:  calculate the number of seconds that were last updated on the message .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  to   wrapper
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of results or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a dictionary of transfer nodes .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  called   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test that a histogram of the required data behaves this one is only .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test that tmp does not exist .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   default
truth:  test   test

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to forget and return the request .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  clears   function
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   create
truth:  setup   setup

test:  track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  return   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  using a caching function .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  using   test

test:  create a control server factory function that validates a control document .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  renders   check
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the executable info file .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  reads   a

test:  force exit .
truth: force exit . 
test:  print   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an iis app .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  install a specific plugin .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   downloads
truth:  install   a

test:  take a process and send it to its children .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  get or create an entry .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the loops going through the loops .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return the hg revision for the last installed revision .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a wsgi application object .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   application

test:  process the extra fields as a form .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  updates   form
truth:  perform   null

test:  splits a string into an array of integers .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the location after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new user options .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  creates   authentication
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably default socket for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  converts relative text to a utc datetime object .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  complete   nova
truth:  reports   reports

test:  return a regular expression compiled into the regex .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  return   a

test:  this is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   hook
truth:  hook   hook

test:  poll xml example for glance .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  sync   like
truth:  edits   null

test:  return a doc .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  return list of paths to load balancer in the given file .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   search
truth:  yield   null

test:  display the initial version for the current database .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  show   list
truth:  starting   starting

test:  reads all color definitions .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about the named state cli examples: .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an absolute path to the yaml file .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  expected   return

test:  returns a list of urls that represent the popular .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure that line gets passed to the task argument .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  if   images
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  compute the log of a matrix/density at k and order .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  build an build file for the executable .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get a logger by name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate the map of a trace map file .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns url for given year .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  walk   example
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper around dog_stats_api .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  run   redirect
truth:  prepares   a

test:  merge two arrays .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find a insert color by a node .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  create   directory
truth:  null   implementation

test:  skip a test if a database model model is in use .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  configures the object input to be attribute when an object .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  freeze   configures
truth:  configure   configure

test:  tells the logs .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  content   field
truth:  null   workflow

test:  compile a device class for python 2/3 .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  retrieve the role by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  converts an integer to a string suitable for comparison in want to be of:: .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  slugify   unicode
truth:  normalize   a

test:  test the inheritance -> bundle .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all cloud volumes .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  produces   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if http error status is client error .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  override the default forms handler .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  given   find
truth:  if   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  allow   test
truth:  if   check

test:  clean the assets from the assets of the local machine .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  cleanup   task
truth:  built   remove

test:  delete all files below the given tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns true if config is registries .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  file   checks
truth:  preload   a

test:  check whether a short number is valid codes .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  check for subscribe .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  set the current environment .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure the named image is present in the cluster .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  if   a

test:  encode a string or bytes object into a byte string .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  function   obj
truth:  null   null

test:  fetches all log urls into zenoss .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  fetch   accepts
truth:  logs   logs

test:  assign forum parent node to all rules in the given node .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an tapers type from demo data .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  null   type
truth:  null   a

test:  return a rule version of a condition .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  insert target keys into target python object .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of all available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  check to see if the secret exists .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  create the drawdowns index .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  updates   content
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  gets the requested header .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  returns   request
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   try

test:  get list of page with all page .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into the dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  turn string into a long integer .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  bytes   parses
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  replace all roles which are supported by the file/addon api .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  null   pack
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  return the first complex table .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  loads an image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  cyclen   image
truth:  return   return

test:  converts file from string to a string .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  converts   prefix
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  return list of disk devices on a given vm cli example: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  combined   return

test:  replace local line with a syntactically valid name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compare two lists of equal objects .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  translate   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stack tables along columns must all have exactly same .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  return information about a group cli examples: .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  print   password
truth:  replaces   members

test:  recursive apply derivative of finite finite intconstant function .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  apply   create
truth:  calculates   null

test:  dumps the blocks in the provided string .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  estimate   json
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert s to unicode objects this string .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  return a python version of the current python sqlite3 .
truth: available major . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  null   null

test:  construct a class .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  like   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  delete the ns for the given def and raise if ns if not found .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  return an equivalent sequence of length classes .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  get   log
truth:  return   return

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified name .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a custom orphan field instance .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the number of users that are supported by this .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  value   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the integer that a number of seconds that are within a human readable format .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  load   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install a requirements requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  run   certificates
truth:  install   python

test:  load a certificate certificate from a path .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   certificate
truth:  load   a

test:  send tool shed to the tool shed to retrieve the tool shed url .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  converts the string "s" to a sympy expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  generates a flat array of a cube .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  samples   test
truth:  generates   a

test:  default index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  allow   page
truth:  index   index

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   ru

test:  set the alarm time to be handled by the client .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  stores   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  splits the datastore path at the given path .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   split

test:  decorrelation = all_correlations between vectors .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  apply a local function to a configuration .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  recurse   null

test:  given a iterator that will be called with html data .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  return the taxmodule to use in the silvercity hypothesis .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  gets   support
truth:  using   null

test:  used as various main forms .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  null   instance
truth:  render   render

test:  get the date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return url or none if it is an empty url .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  url   null
truth:  url   url

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  import   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  function to shrink a cache dictionary .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  cache   connect
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  request a task to generate a csv file containing the executive summary task .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  submits   request
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  test global ignore ignore server .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  sync   files
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the phrase that really from the head node and its children .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  fetch   transform
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the coefficient with one fraction of the inverse t .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  issue   multiple
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  returns the python executable for the current locale .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the expression completion completion in which the completion should be inserted usually like:: like:: like:: like:: like:: like:: like:: like:: like:: completion = proposal .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  return   return

test:  download and return a singleton instance .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return seconds since epoch .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   unix

test:  register the log filtering for the remote server .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  register   a
truth:  injects   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  find a hypervisor by a get .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a decorator for methods that should only be executed .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  removes the current contents of the stack .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new binding .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  return   find
truth:  check   check

test:  a version of bytes .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  null   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  adds static-related context to allow specific code on a python code when the context manager is complete .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  turns   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  copy the file .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  create   a

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return list of table categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to infer a new value for a token .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  edge   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  expand one or more type string .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  importing nested model .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   test
truth:  nested   test

test:  return a list of absolute config files found in the current environment .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   configuration

test:  return the default root_helper used for build a named user .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  get   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that hyphens gets divided by anonymous when we can get a regular search bar .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns proxy info info page info page .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  return   version
truth:  parse   parse

test:  confine this module to yum systems with macports .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the complexity of the exponential function .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  determine   roidb
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a continuous random variable with the pareto distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the most recent recent recent snapshot snapshot .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  to   testing
truth:  null   null

test:  create a signal instance with a signal that has a signal .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  fire   a

test:  returns the size of a given format format .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  determine   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  renders the specified user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  load   build
truth:  logs   logs

test:  returns the conductance conductance between edges and edges .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a base64-encoded string into base64 .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the spectral density of x .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  cross   compute
truth:  project   a

test:  deletes the summary data from the database .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  deletes   tags
truth:  is   null

test:  return windows command line for windows .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  function   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  and_expression : assignment_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  convert a cluster components into native components .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  to   convert

test:  helper function to create weight initializer for a given shape .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  approximate   create
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns all the level lengths from each level .
truth: given an index . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  show a message information .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the discrete log of a prime to compute the discrete logarithm of a .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by taking the center at the center of the center .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  merges   images
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  ensure that the specified ruby is present .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get aggregates to use in a resource .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a subset of active contributors for the current .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  list   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new l2 class .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  null   class

test:  purge any temporary options that were loaded .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  checks if a user is errant .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a linecollection for a probability class .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  compute the additive kernel between x and y:: k .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  coerce   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  return disk units in bytes .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   function
truth:  turn   number

test:  display domain names and return their status message .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  to   null
truth:  serve   null

test:  returns python file object matching the <bokeh .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  return   api
truth:  convert   a

test:  call cf with vhds numbers .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the cache root exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  reshapes an expression to regular expression .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  using an script graph that allows to properly .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  build   build
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a jupyter jupyter notebook notebook from a models .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a csrf request to get the csrf token .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  requests   aggregate
truth:  context   processor

test:  execute a console file .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  return   file
truth:  call   call

test:  return the permission user that can be used to generate the permission .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  returns a dict with any of the reserved items .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a directory on a python source .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  to   try

test:  prints error messages to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  write   print
truth:  print   print

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  determine if the function name is made .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a default filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  default   default

test:  compute probability loss of two nodes .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  define   a

test:  remove server track .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  logs   send
truth:  log   events

test:  open telemetry logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   ping
truth:  log   log

test:  return a class defined in motion .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split each entry in list into separate operation .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  split   a
truth:  null   elements

test:  compiles a string for inclusion in a double-quoted file .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compile   template
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert worksheet name string to an col range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a path relative to colas /usr/share/doc/ directory .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  like input .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  reading   a
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  null   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  create an image from a siocgif* image .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  modified   test
truth:  put   alpha

test:  calculate the nti group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  access the sabnzbd sabnzbd .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  embedded   null

test:  wait until the mathjax has loaded .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  null   queue
truth:  add   add

test:  remove the activities from the feed functions .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load if file_recv is available .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  return   load
truth:  requires   requires

test:  create a new child representation of the fingerprint .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  label   null
truth:  assign   a

test:  returns the server id .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of nested objects into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  converts a string into a timestamps: version .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  required   remove
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the inset inset loop .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  parse and return the contents of the given contents .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parse a docker source file into a python tree .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a random circuit gate .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new table in a table .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  craetes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  creates a reference to read a snapshot id from a given template id .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write the .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  pack   pack

test:  get version string from __namespace__ .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  parse   content
truth:  return   tshark

test:  list all packages within the specified package .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  transforms the exception into a cinder snapshot .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  utc   null
truth:  embed   null

test:  the tuple_ table .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  migrate   table

test:  returns a vector of an array .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   elements

test:  return a list of matching directories .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  files   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve all the inventory resources .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  returns   a

test:  removes all roles from a domain or project .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  construct a message from the same format .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  make   a
truth:  build   up

test:  gather info from a specified image uuid : boolean toggle uuid of image uuid of an image verbose verbose uuid of image verbose : boolean optional optional uuid cli example:
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  run   a
truth:  import   import

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  converts   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a value variable variable .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  generic magic template script .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  attribute   email
truth:  null   factory

test:  collect decision decision decision examples .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  parse a callback and wrap it to the callback .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  view function to generate a simple view that can generate a pymongo :class:~kivy .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  executes   parse
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  call failure and fail on changes .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  check   wrapper
truth:  returns   failure

test:  transforms rotation matrix by asyncronously .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  null   images
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the redirection redirect .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  djangos   page
truth:  return   return

test:  save a context object to fopen fopen .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  generate a random challenge with the given challenge .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  import   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if mode is from a character .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   code
truth:  convert   convert

test:  contents of the utf-8 .
truth: like repr . 
test:  return   a
truth:  like   repr

test:  find all channel for the given tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  object   list
truth:  find   channel

test:  creates or remove a huffman huffman filter .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  provided   apply

test:  just allow the session to be updated on saving .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  works   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears all the alarms in the alarm command .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  parse ndp options entry in perform perform javascript bounds .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compile the pathname into a file .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  interface to git-reset(1)_ .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  export   wrapper
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a group members for a group .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  maps   context
truth:  returns   members

test:  start a vm vm : string vm to be stopped options : boolean print print print print print additional options to be deleted : string vm options of vm parameter
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch raw image from a given image .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  fetch   log
truth:  grab   null

test:  check that value is a document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine if the dbref of a dbref has a dbref breaking .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  return   a
truth:  forms   forms

test:  create polygon for given module .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  float   pack
truth:  null   cosine

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  set the list of backend backend names .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  split   set
truth:  set   a

test:  alpha alpha matrix .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  null   max
truth:  find   find

test:  run session header information .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write method to request methods and method methods .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  request   null
truth:  write   methods

test:  get reverse string .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  get   encoding
truth:  null   way

test:  scales images into an image .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the portion of a rational string .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  count   count

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  null   runner
truth:  null   runner

test:  check if the directory is an configurable storage .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  if   call
truth:  to   checks

test:  prints a string of the data .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  automatically retrieves all configuration variables .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   hook
truth:  start   start

test:  find the normalized cut between nodes and edges .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts integer to positive integer .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  callback   item
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete a computenode .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  create a dictionary that renders the provider provider lun .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  build   create
truth:  builds   null

test:  in true if x**n contains depth at depth .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a simple serial file per time .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read a number of standard keys from a dictionary .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  extract   read
truth:  combines   null

test:  converts the jsonc string to json string .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  generate a file from the given file .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   secret

test:  get external external path .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom nonce .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  check if vlim is installed .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  generates a sampled image for an image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  null   images
truth:  yield   images

test:  returns the string value .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  empty   return

test:  create a host_from_gpu status fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the url to download for the local service .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  return true if p is a definitions .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  returns url to a location using the image .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that uses a custom template .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  updates   version
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  null   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  sampling   null

test:  checks if expired is expired .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  check   delete
truth:  if   check

test:  get the complex from the vector3 polygon .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a contrib to attach a contrib case to class .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for running an old socket and from a socket .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  if   info
truth:  if   check

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  remove a vm by name the name of the file/directory to remove a show name the directory to delete a show name the path to the path to the vm
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: scan-build this plugin allows you to override config file paths to execute the build step file for the project .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  -c an offset formatted date as a string .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  extended master ticket .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  complete   find
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  read data from json and produce the result of data .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  return   data
truth:  converts   converts

test:  create a temporary file with a given path using path .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  run   print
truth:  function   function

test:  finds the absolute path for the given repo .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  find   files
truth:  get   get

test:  clears accumulated statistics for all files in the cache .
truth: cache management . 
test:  show   list
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the value of the volume .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge the face .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  exit   merge
truth:  merge   struct

test:  loads a list of images from a pathlib file .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a generator of all know nodes of a set of nodes .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  tracing   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  check that the works from a tool loc works with small versions passed to the :jenkins-wiki .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   accepts
truth:  url   url

test:  wrapper around tag that raises a tag with the given tag .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  format   return
truth:  determines   logic

test:  generates a ctypes function for the given coordinate .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  return a dict of files to find the files in the given bucket .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  function   find
truth:  looks   null

test:  return the path to an extras .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   file
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  send the plotly action in plotly .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  shows   shows

test:  create a test web instance required to create a fake interactive interactive python application .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  run   factory
truth:  create   a

test:  add api_key labels to create-keys-and-certificate .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  add   new
truth:  function   function

test:  test reading and writing of a file .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  getting   read
truth:  io   io

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   test
truth:  stores   stores

test:  clear the loglevel id .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   print
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string or return a dict .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  add an integer to the queue .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  null   a

test:  return events to mask .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  to   mask
truth:  mask   digital

test:  allow turning role gets true if @roles is enabled .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  create   null
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  null   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  compute a hash of a fancy array .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  compute   apply
truth:  computes   a

test:  returns the current line number in our program .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  parse   callback
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a id matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are in the given objects .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that value is a integer or a integer .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  verify   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects in the corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  find a users with the given user .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  take   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve all processes in the named pid file located in the system .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  process   enable
truth:  return   a

test:  test that an input header gets appropriate for a couple header .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  io   null
truth:  header   header

test:  this function return a hash digest of local 1 .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  function   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  test whether a size is absolute .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  simplified   return
truth:  files   files

test:  setup the pfm .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  let   null

test:  generate a random usernames random text .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns true if expr is a pillar_pcre expression .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  return dictionary containing multiple values .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   behavior
truth:  return   a

test:  widen the preface gcode text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  remove a task from a task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  whitespace   comments
truth:  given   task

test:  escape xml characters in xml form .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  escape   a

test:  you can override this fixture to enable the celery logging when a test .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  null   images
truth:  null   null

test:  start the notification server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  wrap   start
truth:  notify   notify

test:  checks if a path exists .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   returns

test:  get the directory dependencies of an environment variable .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  list   get
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check class by name .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  remove keys from a path .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a list of templates .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  return a list of tuples containing information from a source file .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  error   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  this returns the current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  return   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  doing configurations .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split object and return list with tags and id objects .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  object   object

test:  get or shared axes axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  get   get

test:  copy a source directory to a destination destdir .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  rest controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   types
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  helper function to check if a machine exists in a duplicating .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  test   null
truth:  checks   in

test:  sends local marker to admin .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  change   function
truth:  password   password

test:  parses an tag as a normal tag .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  returns a list of test classes from a given list of test modules .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  configure all objects of the objects .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  override   enable
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of datasets that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a single list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  creates a "resolution record from the original text .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a string .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  show   try
truth:  print   print

test:  the prefix of the remote event .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  register   a

test:  tests that negative file fails to a subclass .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  queries   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the named group does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all inner text from a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a datetime object from a date .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  call   call

test:  normalize system .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  finished   connection

test:  try to romanize .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  converts   wrapper
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the network on which the bridge is attached to be attached .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a server is enabled cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute score of a single test .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  check   convenience
truth:  compute   compute

test:  this function takes a command to be passed .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  command   null
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset length in length .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this task .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  return an empty string representation of the given encoding .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  converts   lookup
truth:  lookup   up

test:  this function returns the number of antidivisors in the chunk of n .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  count   number
truth:  return   return

test:  return the site name to use based on the request .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   current

test:  like os .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  definition : intconstant .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   definition

test:  output the specified configuration information .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  update   null
truth:  output   parameter

test:  automate conversion of json .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  assert   a

test:  test warnings related to show parenthesised .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  load   routine
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  saves virtual workbook to a file .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   use
truth:  return   return

test:  return a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a bem flow .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  create   create
truth:  uses   uses

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  try to unpickle chunks from queue .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  ensure that the config has the requested config of the config argument .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle tk tk tk tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a datastore summary domain object representing the datastore entity as a collectionsummarymodel entity entity entity entity entity entity entity .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  place an order by specified amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   place

test:  multi-dimensional shape along slices is a list of slice objects .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  take   function
truth:  get   get

test:  test pyopengl functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   backend
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  return the profile model class from the passed in .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random adjacency mat with adjacency mat .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  place   place

test:  create a database database cli example: .
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove all entity headers that are referenced by the given header .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  add a slice definition to a expire .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns bench name for bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parses a given node and a url; url .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  run   new
truth:  runs   runs

test:  release an equalizer status .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  get   get
truth:  release   a

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  center   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete a server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  shut   null

test:  import java source file for substrings .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  copy   python
truth:  null   null

test:  given an object .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  null   return
truth:  read   a

test:  returns default contact for gantt .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  return   info
truth:  default   default

test:  creates a zero-filled :class:cupy .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  transform the html representation of a page into something that is accepted by the html fragment .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  generate   lookup
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return the details of a group .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get redis server configuration cli example: .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   constructor
truth:  get   redis

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return list of networks .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  extract   null

test:  verify the kubemaster can be instantiated .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  to   query
truth:  to   try

test:  recursive function that creates a new fastq sequence .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  make   a
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  return a random string with random chars .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the contributions calendar calendar .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  branching the inverse of an integer .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  null   permutation

test:  redirects to the specified job .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  show   a
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  matches in python 2 .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point for the project .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  run   null
truth:  has   django

test:  just a clip .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  convert   call
truth:  null   range

test:  read the pyc file at filename .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  parse   read
truth:  read   read

test:  converts a dense image to reduce the dmri image .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  input   input

test:  compute the matrix n-grams inplace .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  prompt   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unset flavor extra keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the member is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the number of non-zero elements of an array .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  split a two canonical tuples into drive/unc tuples of tuples .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  fit a single line of the original function .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  fit   calculate
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  uninstall a python implementation .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   python
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  pack arg into an iterable .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  arg   a
truth:  pack   variables

test:  it only calls @before .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  manage   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns data module for the given module .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  module   module

test:  computes all pairs connectivity of all pairs of all pairs .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  returns   node
truth:  compute   node

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  show the about the current about a dict .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the css dependencies for the given group .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  iterator over an iterable of errback .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks if output has uncommitted .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raise an appropriate error if expected to raise an error .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  returns true if the given link has a bad link .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes the given single exploration from the given exploration and hashtable .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  extract the column number of a column .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns true if a password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parses a request layer .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  parses the given token into a string .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  parse   tags
truth:  returns   a

test:  dynamically copy a directory tree .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  to   a
truth:  used   null

test:  open a terminal using the controlling slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should accept a crypto folder if given a path should be installed .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  if   return
truth:  exit   exit

test:  trained types: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  this function returns a creation sequence that isnt a delimiter sequence of its creation sequence .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  plot plot .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  plot   images
truth:  null   null

test:  prints overridden overridden file .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  config   log
truth:  write   a

test:  create an hosts from a collection of hosts .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  create   populate
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function to determine the full path to a static file using static .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  null   os
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the result as a string .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a tornado request .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  define an position of ngram position in the ngram list .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  tokens   equivalent
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  view filtered by :func:escape .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  null   page
truth:  view   view

test:  serve protected file .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  execute   check
truth:  protected   null

test:  retrieves sort keys/directions keys .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  call the function and yield __metaclass__ .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  null   null

test:  return the running running running running running running profile .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  check   return
truth:  get   get

test:  delete options from a remote host .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  merge two dict from a task into a new dict .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  sync   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  returns the module or none if no module is found .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  module   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  creates a sentence or groups groups into a group .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  undo the basic system .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  override   undo
truth:  override   override

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  provision flocker on a user .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  install   flocker
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics html .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   lyrics
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  calculate the executable available for binary .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  output   arrays
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pretty print the device extents extents pointer to host .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  gives   like
truth:  find   find

test:  convert integer in seconds since utc .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  time   a
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  set the renderer class for the given renderer class .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  rabbitmq all the server .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  run   null
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  solve cluster connectivity from a cluster with permutations .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  check   test
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  compute nroots factorial of f .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a fake parent of the parent of the parent .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define a l1loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   interface

test:  verifies that certificate is a string certificate certificate certificate .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert classified text into html by html .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  null   characters
truth:  convert   convert

test:  add files in the given stage .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  insert   add
truth:  files   files

test:  creates a matchscorer structured entity with the expected entity_pb .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  make   null

test:  draw a random integer representing a random sampling function .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  draw   package
truth:  draws   null

test:  find the correct hylist .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a set of sets of training/test values of the given list of values .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  simple flag to test the credentials at the end url .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  url   null
truth:  null   credentials

test:  read options from salt to cache and return a list of event .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  calculate   options
truth:  get   get

test:  check that the ip addresses is a subnet or dictionary .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  check   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read json object from file and return as json .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   json
truth:  read   json

test:  test to ensure that all the data can be converted to the script .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  to   test

test:  get list of volume tags from volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return single site .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  null   return
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument to the context .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  let a set of residual entries from a compact compact form .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  exceptions that return compilation .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given an html element .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe year : gdp_yoy : pi :(%) si :(%) industry:(%) ti :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  conditionally sets the current user in group .
truth: return env . 
test:  add   null
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance instance instance of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check if the file exists on the filesystem .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  in python 2 this is a wrapper to make comparing them in a sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  sort   a

test:  checks the users profile for the specified user .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  authentication view .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  turns   view
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns the default component of a component .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  default   create
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if encoding is available .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  list updating cli example: .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  check   check
truth:  help   eeg

test:  function to nearest width from the width of the value .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  hash   cone
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all inbound inbound messages are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  deletes a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the named service is available .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  fit fit coil parameters .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  fit   number
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  returns true if this request is successfully .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  if   return
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  determine what breaking of alternatives can be used .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  doing   inverse
truth:  null   strategy

test:  show the login form .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  profiling   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  revoke a user from a user .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   number
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project version form view shows the users form view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  project   version

test:  adds a :class:createrepo value for a protocol message .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  make   a

test:  open a database file dialog and return a update header as a dictionary .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  open   function
truth:  null   a

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  multiplicative_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  returns a random funfact .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a new function with elements of element or .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  if   map
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic series return the series expansion of p examples .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   integers
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates a kernel .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   image
truth:  creates   null

test:  destination destination .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  in-neck pattern .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  null   star
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  create a new translation plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  create a method object from a class instance .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  windows a given should not be nats .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  s   null
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap python v4 v4 []g .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  domain   decimals
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  test to ensure that hug correctly handles a uuid .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the minimum occurrences of the currently set in this vmware environment .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  construct a recursive function that will run in the received revision .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  command   install
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert an uri portion of a path portion to a path portion .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if an rpm version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  similar to static .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test arithmetic arithmetic cov creation and mne arithmetic .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  run   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return details about the server url : 180 timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  show a list of breakpoints .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create an eauth data from the database .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  create   networks
truth:  to   try

test:  update the ~# task associated with a few - used by eve .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  to   job

test:  view to allow a comment fields to be met .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  display   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  generate adjacency nodes .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  algorithm   a
truth:  null   places

test:  generate list of files in the console .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  write   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_eval_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  checks whether the first command exists in the iterable .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  checks   djangos
truth:  checks   user

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   groove
truth:  add   groove

test:  elementwise log function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  log   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a list of topic ids representing all topic trees .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that turns a function into a callback .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a boolean reflecting a string value .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  value   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets nothing from mako keywords .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  takes an object and returns a string .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  removes   shell

test:  request to have students for a problem as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  submits   request
truth:  to   request

test:  computes the operator operator of an expression .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  to   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create an authorization message for an object .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  signs   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package using same options .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  casts a package to the package name .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  finds   strip
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncate the text to a maximum of a text .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test classification report with multiclass .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   classification

test:  shuffles a dictionary by value .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  catches catches of a user in order to assign a password client .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the db from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns keys by name .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  return   find
truth:  scan   scan

test:  returns the country code associated with a country mobile token .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  should give a list of possible configurations .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  test   function
truth:  null   classes

test:  extract fields from log row .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  return the setuptools setuptools version .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   download
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  remove a public key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a random k-out random colors .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  take a number and time string .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  null   options
truth:  return   a

test:  returns timeline data for stock .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test time period .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   qos
truth:  test   test

test:  removes a running system .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  detect whether we are supported based on transparency .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   window

test:  if the module doesnt exist .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  generate __init__ files for each directory .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  finds   set
truth:  yield   path

test:  get details about a vpc peering connection .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert source to tuple .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  to   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  test special values in text .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   null
truth:  colorized   test

test:  serialize obj to configparser .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   python

test:  convert text to bytes .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  create or remove model with the given target .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return all the folders under the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the input is related to birthdays notifications .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  return the gradient of the linear gradient for an array that occurs the linear location of the linear polynomial .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  null   flowgrams
truth:  makes   linear

test:  get data view from local instance .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   data

test:  returns a list of file names to all the directories in the given metadata .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   find
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a julian address into a julian .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  convert   a

test:  create dask bag from many dask .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  show   dictionary
truth:  null   bag

test:  a generator used to generate seconds since epoch .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  time   a
truth:  time   time

test:  test querying metadata from activated cache .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  create a model with the salt model configuration in the configuration .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  computes the rank of a matrix from matrix .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  computes   implementation
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a dictionary of folders based on filenames .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  attributes   generate
truth:  need   need

test:  ensures that the master of merge duplicates .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of all available theme names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  convenience function to create a telnetlib lookup of performance .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  download   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  send a datetime to the datastore .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  retrieve   call
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters for the project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  execute a kapacitor async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  clone a repo .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  aux function .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  run   information
truth:  svn   svn

test:  a decorator useful to set an extension to a test method .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return this platform name .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all volumes belonging to a consistency sorted .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given url has a valid domain scheme .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the binary path .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a timestamp in usec since the epoch utc date into a datetime object .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  trims scores to be used with right elements of any cloudblockstoragevolume .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  truncate   hack
truth:  issue   issue

test:  read a request that will load a request on a given cluster .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  add the index definition .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  only load if grafana v2 .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   run
truth:  return   return

test:  fix the base class of the given path .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  like   fix
truth:  fix   fix

test:  migrate legacy models that happen in the models .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  migrate   inspect
truth:  check   guid

test:  fixture that exposes the etreefx lxml lxml lxml .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  run   null
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  left is sql clause like steven .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  creates the url instance from the get arguments .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  reverse   query
truth:  null   version

test:  check if an absolute url starts with a python url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  test   wether

test:  test that when a report exists .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  test   a
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  list the hardware services cli example: .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  installed   hosts
truth:  sets   sets

test:  help method to check if the repository id is malicious and changeset .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   basins
truth:  null   crud

test:  temporarily change the previous patch for single patch .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns item from qty .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  split   split

test:  check if we are using python executable .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  verify   x
truth:  if   checks

test:  require a deb package to be uninstalled .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  package   package

test:  deregister a class from a compiler class .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  attribute   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a demonstration of the rosenbrock function .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  null   profile
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   z

test:  submit a remote job to the queue .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  execute   nova
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps that match groups takes groups as groups .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new instance fault from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the discrete log rule of a list of nodes .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  set   header
truth:  null   null

test:  parse results specific to the clade model classes into multiple site .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  parse   models
truth:  null   models

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  func   quotient
truth:  null   mode

test:  rebuild function for running usage of preserving class .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  call   class
truth:  hook   hook

test:  returns an ssh key object .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a scene name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  converts latitude or alloc to a pretified node or leaf string .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  returns a list of clusters of the specified axis .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  return   get
truth:  performs   null

test:  main error syntax .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  split   null
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  convert a file system to a legacy flags .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  convert   a

test:  reveal the contents of sleeps to be iterable .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  list   run
truth:  null   generator

test:  validates that a model contains no metadata or in a model .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  ensure   validate
truth:  model   model

test:  use this decorator to confirmation actions for creating actions .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  iterate through the given symbols .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  check to see if a fetch is consul .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  update   join
truth:  query   consul

test:  some neighbor function .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return true if the argument is yaml: .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  verify   functions
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given system has powershell or can stderr .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function to simplifies an expression tree by removing examples .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  return   try
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a slice of the word with a suffix and the maximum character references on the sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  imports should usually be on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  print the summary of the procedure .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  test composite .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  if   null
truth:  create   a

test:  build a copy of sphinx .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  build   status
truth:  build   docs

test:  prints the usage of a given usage .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  usage   usage
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get vault belonging to a value cli example: .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  read   a
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  checks the keys]return keys .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  patches remote settings .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  transfer   mocks
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  creates arma bundles for arma random inverse parameters ar : float estimate of the number of white random second scale/standard : int number of observations for arma : int number
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  create   correlation
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  return the name of the named pid .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   return
truth:  name   name

test:  return a repository for the specified repository .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   current

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  executing all the types that that contains the same types or general elements .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  return the set of mchoicefield .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  asks   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  start a vm .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   wrapper
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   directory
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a shell comand on a remote host cli example: .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  run   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  completes based on djangos server .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  null   argument
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  updates the agreement for the given datetime object .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  updates   permissions
truth:  records   records

test:  returns a list of comments names of indexing that have comments .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  read   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = sparse x and y:: k = :ref:user in x and y:: .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a cffi type for the given function .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sends a process .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  queues   translate
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a user using its installing .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  test   user

test:  returns the description of a feed .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  null   a

test:  drop all logging .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  projects   models
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a code snippet .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  object   null
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  check to see if a launch configuration exists .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  function   a
truth:  check   check

test:  lowess the lowess function to fit the weights of a given class with weights parameters .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  summarize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  initialize   networking
truth:  null   networking

test:  returns the logs logs for the given space .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  set   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  take a 32-bit 32-bit sequence .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  take   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  recursively replace a set of computation .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the windows computer number .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a qt integer into a qt shape .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a tuple containing individuals values from the respects structure .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  decode   a

test:  given a asg request field .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  encode   checks
truth:  encode   a

test:  deconstructs an asset id that does not have the given id .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup tellstick sensors .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return true if all analytics revisions revisions revisions for the given date .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  works   works
truth:  set   set

test:  construct a version header with extra bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  save   history

test:  return the current user instance would actually be used with the request .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  return   session
truth:  to   helper

test:  context manager to send server level of a given debug level .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  context   update
truth:  change   change

test:  restart the named service .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  restart   daemontools
truth:  is   null

test:  restrict input type to 1 in specific integers .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  input   returns
truth:  input   input

test:  send a prompt to the remote .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  run   request
truth:  make   null

test:  a helper to setup a warning for all configuration without a warning .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  missing   warnings
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  registers the custom custom alias for the specified alias .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  takes an domains and returns a list of domain names .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  registers   new

test:  save the settings for a given setting .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  adds   null

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up the connected sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should correctly parse tabular step into tabular step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a browser window .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  null   null
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup modbus modbus sensor .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clears the cache for the tracker .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  determine if a fixed set in a fixed manner .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  if   check

test:  generates spherical polynomial of degree bessel polynomial of x n in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  generates   test
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  returns the http auth url of the http extension .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  null   lookup
truth:  try   try

test:  read data from a file .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  validates whether parameters passed to the **kwargs argument in a function .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   categorical

test:  parse the request and return the parsed session .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  parse   method
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a str into an intenum .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  test   a
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  return a image instance from the input image .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  gets   generate
truth:  load   load

test:  return the line number that was made to an infinite line .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the username of the postgres .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  configure   function
truth:  change   a

test:  create a metadef association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  step fails with djangos entities .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  to   factory
truth:  step   step

test:  create a network cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test text when we get masked .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  to   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value at a given clip with a clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  if   null

test:  test that we can apply multiple randperm .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  return list of untracked files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove a interface from a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  flatten the verifies input dictionary .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  this will verify that updates expired tuples of all closed subclasses of the given enrollment .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  verify   attributes
truth:  null   a

test:  return test testsuite testsuite .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  make   method
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if the object is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return list of all available locales .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  error   a
truth:  null   locale

test:  disconnect signals from signals .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   downloads
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  return a set containing all the set files in dir .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  join   like
truth:  null   null

test:  get a zipfile from a zip file .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  orphaned   list
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  returns the default textiowrapper stim .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  null   create
truth:  default   stim

test:  utility function to easily from_file from_file .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  puts   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  add an item at the end of the given url .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check whether an ast mode exists in the context .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep [instance] .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  unpause   sleep
truth:  put   put

test:  check that collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   check

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  set a new index index for points into a new owner .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  color   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  update the password in the travis config file .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  check if the vcenter connection is reached .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  run   null
truth:  if   test

test:  symmetric line from sab .
truth: from url . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribe a user to a creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  source   source
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore trashed from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  counts the number of entries in the item list .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  register a service in a relative service .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  regression test for a warning on a warning should fail .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  return the eigenvector centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  selected   commands
truth:  time   time

test:  computes multiple link and targets .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  template   null
truth:  -   -

test:  remove senderkey from senderkey .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete a health key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  list   list

test:  return the package id for the given package name .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test user can delete user from unit .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  merging   test
truth:  default   default

test:  chown a user id or id cli example: .
truth: same as os . 
test:  logging   null
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstalls one or more packages if packages to deactivated .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  download   one
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send email after purchase invoice .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  return the ancestors of the given pid .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  subtract   a
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  create a wordpress backend for the supplied backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  named   build
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure we can do we have a script for the right .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure that its possible to easily read in the request .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  to   null
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  create an autoscaler instance of gce and policy .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if user can download report .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   tests

test:  check that something is pycuda .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a process starting at the given string .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  to   a
truth:  process   a

test:  the environment which is the internal api method used by the numeric class .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the mapping file should be updated by mapping .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  combines   null
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  execute an image proportional routine .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   image
truth:  return   a

test:  current kadmin dependencies cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  get   policy
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get the complex where the maximum of the respective equation is complex .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  run hdd on the test .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  function   a
truth:  control   control

test:  return the screen .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  searches   function
truth:  format   a

test:  returns a cluster that has the distance between the mlab and the distance matrix .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  to   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the versions of this django version .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  given   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap a call to connect to the docker installation .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  apply the profile .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  install   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  quick check to determine if a and b are equal .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return whether the users user exists .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string that can be used as a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if path can be written .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the maximum number of seconds from a packet .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize bookmark completions .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  add group type from group .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  access   access

test:  returns path to try to locate the users home directory if it exists .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  find   delete
truth:  return   return

test:  get the cacert url from a tls configuration .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   get

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse text in html .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid tuple .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  return the activation function associated with the given list of activation .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find a instance by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a file or a backslashes .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  report or report a report for a report .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  uses   view
truth:  to   view

test:  add a set of events to the named event name the match to add to the given match .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a cache security group cli example to delete a cache security security .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  null   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  exclude event by removing all *other* or exclude .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  selected   exclude
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create pool on a specified pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  given two arrays .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network device inventory information .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  get an api endpoint to be used with a too configuration .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  get   api
truth:  validate   validate

test:  true if the object is an instance of the given object .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  is   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  turn a optional mess or a optional surface character set to a optional directory .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will translate a string into a list of dicts .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get notifications notifications for all doctypes .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   notifications

test:  default function should be no line without should cause no default .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  a simple replacement for the sixs view that doesnt want to be protected when deciding public initialization .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  error   function
truth:  verify   signature

test:  converts a file path to a dotted field .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  used   null

test:  provides the logging headers .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  destroy   use
truth:  ask   null

test:  get a safe filter by wrt wrt put it in an rsa expression .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  use   queries
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the status from a process .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  process   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read the nih image from a file .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   description
truth:  read   read

test:  returns list of groupings groupings based on the preferences matrix .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove any file in the background .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  normalize   delete
truth:  clean   up

test:  given an party date on a list of posting or party .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  get   utility
truth:  set   set

test:  check a responses to resolve all dbms events in the http dbms .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  updates   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  returns about about git versions .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  null   view
truth:  shows   shows

test:  converts a datetime to a timestamp string .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  return the which the given region was used .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  get   context
truth:  to   value

test:  attempts to create if the current process or a multiprocessing thread name is limited to a captured thread .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  template   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  a nice tool shed added to the datastore .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  m   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf failure .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  context manager that creates a path to store in a virtualenv .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  run the hypervisors .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  recursively strips a module path .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the psd of a matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   a

test:  return a list of all courses that have been sorted by their respective polynomials .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  print the home directory .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  returns a function which fires with all the keys in it .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  return   shutdown
truth:  function   function

test:  make a tree of a node .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  download   null
truth:  display   display

test:  ensure the named 'old' is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return original file path without reading it .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   function
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorator to use a container .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  assures   null

test:  create a schema .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  list   function
truth:  parses   parses

test:  dump info about standard output .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  msg   log
truth:  dump   info

test:  test the operators process .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  get   check
truth:  assert   assert

test:  update marketing marketing by marketing change .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  null   redirects
truth:  enable   enable

test:  deprecated .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  implement   null

test:  configure the cloudpipe .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  update   update

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  helper function to calculate the google_calendar_devices size of a given image .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a tool shed repository record from the database via id and changeset_revision .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  image stays the promo image at the top .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  null   test
truth:  resize   promo

test:  jpeg data in jfif format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  null   data

test:  split a line into a line .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  return   test
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the eq-3 ble thermostats .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   register
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  extract the default dict as a list of servers or placeholder placeholder placeholder .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  extract   version
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to write the metadata to a file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  write   utility
truth:  function   function

test:  auth request using data .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  get   information
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is not loaded the tipc module is loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  wrap a function to wrap a simple zip list of values in chained .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  chained   a

test:  get a list of empty files .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  connected   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  set preprint based on the preferences .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  validates   dict
truth:  populate   populate

test:  automatically remove a profile .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  to   download
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file scheme; to a relative url of the file scheme; .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   file
truth:  null   conversion

test:  convert a file or a glob path into a cross-platform glob exception .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  build   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  select *k* points from the input individuals .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  load a additional additional data from a json file .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  return   json
truth:  load   observatory

test:  writes the message to the trace file using the trace command .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  skips a test if the unwrapped test .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  test   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  cleanup flowgrams in the sff file .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  cleanup   remove
truth:  clean   a

test:  return a function class by name .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  build   instance
truth:  create   astroid

test:  retrieves the content .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a simple wrapper around tprint .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  notify   null
truth:  print   a

test:  use a correlation level to return the unit of the ith element .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convolve   x

test:  checks if the input is multilabel .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  if   check

test:  remove a file .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  recursive   null

test:  try to load vispy vispy .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  works   return
truth:  import   import

test:  return true if the part of the input multiline .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  test if configoptionparser reads a wheel with a random wheel .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warn   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  function   back
truth:  rolls   back

test:  function to convert a polynomial to the canonical function .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute activation targets are deep targets onto one of its dependencies .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  given   ground

test:  kill a process .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  do   stop
truth:  null   routine

test:  superimposes two images using the absolute unix images .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  return   sample
truth:  blend   images

test:  find external links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   find

test:  a simple generalized max b .
truth: compute np . 
test:  time   null
truth:  compute   np

test:  write the contents of a network to a file .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  check sparse feature .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  display results of the resources .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  fetch   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate all setup in nested quota .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  null   import
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return the list of completions to this object .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  null   find
truth:  return   info

test:  get a user copy of a desktop desktop icon .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create custom tags for the message tags .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  given   function
truth:  take   a

test:  parses the html list into a string .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return the argument output .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get page context info .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the system encoding .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  to   null
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete a bookmark by name cli example: .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  delete   object
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the contents of the predicative without the non-salt adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a fixture that returns true if it was a valid python literal .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  force   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get current secret line .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   appscale

test:  parses string from the start and returns data .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  make   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file scheme; scheme; accidentally full path to a file scheme; .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  normalize a line .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  normalizes   data
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create an track function that looks like a executing event .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  creates   send
truth:  make   a

test:  convert a uid name to a user name .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a security app .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  takes a list of tokens and returns a list of tokens .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  whitespace   multiple
truth:  return   a

test:  remove the given indent .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  null   create
truth:  dedent   null

test:  displays a user using the json command .
truth: list all users . 
test:  call   user
truth:  list   list

test:  waits for the redis worker to reach a job .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  check   call
truth:  raise   null

test:  compare two models .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   helper

test:  print a human-readable tree .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  draw   call
truth:  print   a

test:  takes sorted list of commands and returns a generator with sorted data .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  use   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  calculate the white results for a particular set of arrays .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  multivariate   send
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  generate a hash digest string for a file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote text for inserting into a shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  null   text
truth:  text   text

test:  get authentication token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  obtain   default
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a nuttall window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if the tp is in the child tp .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator to initiate a message .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  null   print
truth:  is   null

test:  iterate over corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  helper function to split the labels into a list of groups .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  split   attributes
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorate a function by preserving the function into a caller .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  determine a default database options for a user .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   type

test:  create a symbolic app for a given source .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  results   null
truth:  sign   a

test:  get a specific engine connection for a specific database .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   load

test:  returns an http object as a unicode string .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  search for releases and return an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   compare
truth:  search   search

test:  plot a function using matplotlib/tk .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   a

test:  create a migratin with the given trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  search   search

test:  finds all packages within the given root directory .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen argument_expression_list rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  pop the current context from the database .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  pop   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write info from a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   measurement

test:  get the default textiowrapper size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a timezone string to a start of the end of a time zone .
truth: factory function . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of organization name by organization name .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  simply returns the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  function   return
truth:  null   identity

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get all tags .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  text   exclude
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a timeout of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   a

test:  return true if args has been replaced with the named key .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  matching   return
truth:  if   null

test:  a context manager that retrieves the csrf request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  get   view
truth:  context   processor

test:  determine the default group name the name of the user .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the file output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  read shop chunks until socket is a list of text chunks .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the config options that corresponds to the devices .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   a

test:  enum_specifier : type_specifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieve subscription information about a topic .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   subscription

test:  returns list of ipv6 addresses addresses for ipv6 address .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  rules   rules

test:  get a classifier value from a buffer in the buffer hierarchy .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  null   python
truth:  accepts   a

test:  add users with the group .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  add   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate an sha512 digest .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  compute   map
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new temporary default factory function for all arguments .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  context   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a hash of the keys in the given step .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  convert   strings

test:  returns the function without changing it .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate python source node where self is inside a string .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  returns a list of attribute names of attribute methods .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that no items in no items .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  test   a
truth:  start   start

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   equivalent
truth:  escape   a

test:  convert a string like network into an integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  parse   value
truth:  converts   a

test:  determine if all values of a sequence are equal .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the discrete cosine of a pathname .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  test   check
truth:  null   os

test:  this function is used to echo back a session to call it .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  redirects   null
truth:  test   test

test:  create a security group by a name .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  default   a
truth:  default   default

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  create new sort of interactive window .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot one or more search search : string filter vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  null   one
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock for qualified qualified requests .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a volume object in the status .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module instances from its instances instances .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  poweroff a running system cli example: .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   power

test:  compute a set of samples that have been marked as one .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  order   null
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  return a list of topics for a given topics .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  given   check
truth:  to   check

test:  find the greedy policy .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  point   one
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic-string-scriptler dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dict of all available images on this image .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  sync   state
truth:  return   return

test:  recursive sort of a multibody thing .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a version string from user .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  build   server
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop enquiry section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   service
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  returns the repr name .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the specified table exists .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the request contains a regex or in it .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  turn   return
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated float .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  returns the value that separates any items in iterable .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a button button with the given indicator .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  null   null
truth:  hide   hide

test:  return an arbitrary object with all items of item to a list .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  accepts   copy
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  return a byte-string version of the string s .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  null   null
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  produce a new tree for a possibly tree .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  attach   request
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the bipartite clustering of nodes .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  unsolve a question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  accept   accept

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a list of available items cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  check   a
truth:  template   template

test:  format the method from a method to a data graph .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  export   function
truth:  export   method

test:  return a dict for the given part .
truth: process part . 
test:  process   equivalent
truth:  process   part

test:  converts camel-case style names into underscore seperated words .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  scans the best match between the median .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  split   a
truth:  null   partition

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  updates list of versions .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  password   format
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that given db'] is present name the name of the database to remove name the db'] db of the database name the db'] name of the db'] .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  when the python process .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  given a class .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  test an iterator that behaves the file path .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the string .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  allocate a pair of bson timedelta .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  convert an absolute path to a file path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  return   bucket

test:  read flat parameters from .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   rejection
truth:  read   read

test:  create a test for use in tests .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  run   method
truth:  wrap   a

test:  provides the platform jail jail .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with col .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  if   table
truth:  null   table

test:  returns a storage object with all the request input and post values .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  test   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a new securely-generated integer with the given number .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  given   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a list of unique elements of an iterable .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  broadcast   null
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a given template with any extra url to the template context as {{ params }} .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  used   a
truth:  render   a

test:  test parsing of variable missing missing missing missing missing missing missing versions .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   check

test:  remove discussion tab tab tab from course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   port
truth:  remove   remove

test:  cast the string to a string .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  convert   one
truth:  extract   slug

test:  returns the size of page sizes .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  transform   page
truth:  get   page

test:  prints all the results in the given header .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  extracts websocket .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  send   upgrade
truth:  to   try

test:  initialize the release .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  evaluate the jacobian matrix to jacobian .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  obtain vendor from model or try to obtain the model from which it may be more serializable or none .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   return
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  remove the process from the input .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  exit   calls
truth:  quit   null

test:  sends an api request .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder when they dont have a folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the maximum distance between ico and more: .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  get   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  view function that handles password reset .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  authenticate   reset
truth:  view   view

test:  create a configuration file with the specified name and write config configuration .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  null   like
truth:  builds   null

test:  downloads a swarm and then download it .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return the lpol harmonic of redirection functions parameters n : int number of randomly or satisfying : int number of nodes in each dimension returns fima : int number of
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  normalize   doctest
truth:  null   representation

test:  module function to generate a hash of the given password .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  determine example to use the menu .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  xml   sets
truth:  shows   a

test:  calculate the number of crossover in the access_type: find(1) .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  return   apply
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the pool pool for the current thread .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  return the trivial trivial graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object looks like an terminal item .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression ge shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  to   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  checks that vlog() is only used for defining a logging level .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test copy of append files .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find and return a temporary file .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  search   search
truth:  given   grep

test:  return true if any of the configuration options are present .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  return   settings
truth:  config   config

test:  parse a regex starting like amazon .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  to   string
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for media type .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  search   a
truth:  search   search

test:  checks that the user is in the command line .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  run   fetch
truth:  drops   drops

test:  fixture providing a fake project object from a cloud project .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  to   test
truth:  patches   patches

test:  unmount a running system cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  execute an apache module with the given name .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a boolean depending on whether the current python 3 .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  if   check

test:  set the log level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a mode from the current set of courses .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  create   null
truth:  add   a

test:  model a single worker that break no concurrency while uploading .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  check   a
truth:  model   a

test:  return true if the object looks like a buggy agent .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  null   css

test:  check if the query fields is editable .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  ensure   checks
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to bench .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns value from utf-8 string representation of the supplied hexadecimal representation .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  decode   returns
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  compute coleman-li under the gcd of f(x) and its derivative .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  associate a user with the given details .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  return   user

test:  encode unicode string using python 2 .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  encode   decorator
truth:  if   python

test:  returns a tuple representing the version on friends .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the snmp from a snmp as a string .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  extract   data
truth:  null   null

test:  disable paging of the paging .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   router

test:  common setup for getting information from a given api key from the checkout .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  tuple   api
truth:  show   current

test:  check if rdp has been soundcard can be read in a temporary file .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  find   changes
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a context manager so it can be used as an adapter context .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  executes   api
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the current content for a cached location .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this generator returns the number of numbers that are supplied as the cpu .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  convert   number
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  normalize an array x by an array .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalizes   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute the circular variance for samples assumed to be in a range parameters samples : array_like input array .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  computes   read
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   null

test:  get a list of integers of a tensor .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  of enum member callback .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  adds   request
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks that the two dictionaries take the multiple token and their corresponding values .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  marks a response as a view .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  it doesnt choke on unknown shell .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  null   null
truth:  getting   test

test:  decorator to ensure the specified aggregate exists .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a dersequence object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  check   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a string into an ascii string .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  copy   string
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function reads the list of features and return a list of features .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  like check_output .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wraps text to a line .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   a

test:  install a given certificate keychain the keychain to install keychain the keychain to install the password to use to install the keychain password the password the password the password the
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  restart the traffic server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  uninstall   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  create a new command .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  show   null
truth:  command   command

test:  decrypts a hash .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  decrypt   lookup
truth:  based   null

test:  run fake registration in a zone .
truth: register the device . 
test:  initialize   update
truth:  register   register

test:  compute a file in a set of data .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  compute   up
truth:  hash   a

test:  returns true if the user can access the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path length in the shortest path from source to target .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  uses   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the sympy directory of sys .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  get   sys
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a fake payment with an payment .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  fake   fake

test:  a factory to start and run a udp server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete containers from a container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  remove   containers

test:  get modified time of the provider .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  package   package
truth:  return   return

test:  a shortcut around middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator_from_middleware
truth:  given   a

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries first dictionary keys of dictionary keys .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  get the unicode text from the node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  text   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge one or more *seqs objects into another .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  to   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  delete a metadef object .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the xblocks id for a string .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensures an auth has been exempt from a audit api .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  cleans   flag
truth:  hack   hack

test:  return mongodb roles cli example: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  pop   one
truth:  grant   one

test:  import and return a module to be imported .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  returns   import
truth:  to   attempt

test:  display resource limits .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  get   data
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply a polynomial by a constant in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should correctly parse regular step step into an array .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  recursive decompress for the user from the input kind .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   searches
truth:  ask   null

test:  get the arp ether .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  transfer   wrapper
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve local file system info on partition <device> .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  transfer   export
truth:  return   return

test:  enable quota to start at boot .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  enable   quota

test:  get whether remote events is on or off :return: true if remote events is present .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  compute the hyperbolic inverse function of a tensor function .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  null   average
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress information section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  updating   section
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  strip a free free free string .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  optimized   null

test:  connections to a function using expected output .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  compute   custom
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type b section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  return true if server was specified in the server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  db   server
truth:  null   api

test:  sends an sms number .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  sends   null

test:  create an exponential exponential delay .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ip address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterate over notes in note that is a stream .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  to   function
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica twice .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   estimate
truth:  running   running

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test decorator .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach the user story column column column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  update the version number for the aws record and stringify the required font .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  update   version
truth:  update   version

test:  sends a devices to a analytics strategy for use in a analytics strategy .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  track   accept
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering complete section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  setup   shortcut
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ site-local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds the specified year .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  score   score

test:  return a configured oslo_messaging rpcclient .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  preferred   get
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  square   square
truth:  square   square

test:  returns true if command is available on the system .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders all requests to the specified element .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  click   click

test:  create a named snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  this function implements the data to be used for testing purposes .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a query object staff by the ids given by the query_string and the query .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  recursively resolve fields to dicts .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  like   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  returns a list of studio courses that the given course has been accessible in the given course actions .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  check   parses
truth:  list   list

test:  theano function that will be passed to the fgraph .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  make   jobs
truth:  simplify   a

test:  hash -> str takes a password and returns the hash object .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  decodes a entity_pb .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  prepares   null

test:  a simple way to determine if two arrays are equal .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  null   x
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test various invalid values .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  convert the value into a boolean .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  if   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  write a packet to socket .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  create partial example file .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  executes a cinder command .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  command   cmd
truth:  predefined   return

test:  ensure the named job is absent .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a generator of tuples .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   a

test:  delete pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the specified package is not installed with the version of the package to remove .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a placeholder environment variable name .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  calls   return
truth:  create   a

test:  de-allocate a floating ip .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  floating   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  uses johnsons algorithm to join a join .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  config file should theyre values .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  if   a
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the loss function for the target .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  computes   function
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  import   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute logistic loss .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  use a list of all values in an iterable .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  use   sort
truth:  return   return

test:  get policy from user .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  call me a test without resetting any exceptions .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  bind a socket to a python family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  binds   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find the type whose values are in ['fiff .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   a
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test in chart chart chart rendering .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   classes

test:  returns a list of region addresses for the specified number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  find   find

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   run
truth:  set   set

test:  plot a list of vectors and return data as a dictionary of vectors .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  split a string into two strings .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a string to stdout .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  encoder using the api type .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  convert   types
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns the size of the device size .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator for checking if the user has the permissions to see if the user is a rpc .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  ensuring   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates multiple ngram set .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  bind an internal clause to an object .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a np .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   mock
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the gaussian distribution function for x .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parses a filename or framework filename .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  fixture providing a sessionmanager object .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the info file .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  time   sample
truth:  given   a

test:  find the host from the xenapi host reference .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  returns place possible lists/tuples e .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   action
truth:  parse   http

test:  return a json response from the response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  given   null

test:  write graph as a multiline graph from path .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   null

test:  mask to make it usable in iso expiry format .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake config stub object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  set   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list all packages found within directory where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the alternating group on order as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  this is a helper function for setting an exception .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  null   in
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the location line of a file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  compute   md5

test:  displays text with line numbers .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  return   text
truth:  text   text

test:  get the keys from an object as a unicode string .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects faces in the file located in the file located .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   download
truth:  detects   faces

test:  return a list of chunk_len identifiers from the current catalog service .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a datetime object for unix timestamp .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  alternate shell file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  make a minimal minimal thread along the given thread .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the given properties on an group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  read all keys of a post tree .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  func   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  get   a
truth:  ignores   a

test:  returns a random job of a leading job .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks that d is percent .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  check   check

test:  append a date between units .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  lists   strips
truth:  null   null

test:  write the string data to a file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  convert   data
truth:  writes   null

test:  return true if filename matches a zipfile format .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  see   null

test:  internal method to retrieve the log of followers/following for postgresql .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  null   planck
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return the matrix .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  see   calculate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  return list of indent to use in a list of indent .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   a

test:  testing that the proposed quotes in double quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  revoke panel of panel in panel .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  assign   request
truth:  revoke   task

test:  return the list of attributes of the passed dictionary .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  diff   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run windows only .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  command   a
truth:  start   a

test:  allow social auth to intercept a confirmation login .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  run   null
truth:  load   current

test:  checks that the test needs a valid datastore .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  raises   null

test:  table with unbounded right values for a column that has no right right right .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  null   input
truth:  null   null

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  activate   mock
truth:  mock   mock

test:  parse a string and return a dag separated by a dbms file .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  takes   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  adds a space or a space to the space .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  add   update
truth:  populate   populate

test:  get the leading and default values of a given file .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  null   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  quote an argument to an integer or a python value .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  convert   salts
truth:  to   attempts

test:  format a timestamp for display .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  renders a template that renders a template .
truth: show django . 
test:  render   a
truth:  show   django

test:  method to detect all of the given path in the given dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  return   format
truth:  detect   null

test:  run a function and return the results .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  set   get
truth:  given   a

test:  language class french does not create or task-related code at runtime .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   fr

test:  set our warnings .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  override   warnings
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion motion motion derivatives .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  calculate   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  setup logging for the script .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  return the progress element given a path .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  pull   null
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the zypper between layers .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  calling   a
truth:  calling   calling

test:  congestion complete section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  complete   measurement
truth:  control   control

test:  returns default handlers of handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  determine   redirects
truth:  null   handlers

test:  returns the user permission to use for functional tests .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   user

test:  generate a list of random characters of a string .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  projects   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  reverse the reverse history of the history .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  mask   callback
truth:  search   search

test:  return the bom cache directory .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  return   return

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  djangos   djangos
truth:  default   default

test:  run quick on a shell .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  writes a document .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   a

test:  test installing from a pypi pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  decorator to make a stack method .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse a content-type like <ctrl-x> .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   up
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get a list of flavor instance sizes .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  sort   access
truth:  null   method

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  plots log of the maximum likelihood of a log file .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   x

test:  standard filter factory to use the given factory .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  install   a
truth:  null   method

test:  profile line using pixels function .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  profile   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encode a binary string or list to an element .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the file is compilable .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the capitalized prefix for a given prefix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   mapnode
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  renders the permission requests for the given params .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  executes a single prompt .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  load   null
truth:  like   like

test:  statement : bad&rule .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   text
truth:  null   statement

test:  this method determine the extra product of the given infer product if its a deferred which has been added .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   field

test:  returns a version string from the file-like object .
truth: return major . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a file from the given file .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if primer finite allowed to handle primer g .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if the view should be filterable .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the cartesian connects of a boolean .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  python text or a base64 version of text .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve ethernet for a response from a given url .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  value   null
truth:  find   find

test:  given a string of the first word .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  join   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  finds the class registered to the given alias or alias or alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  check if rdp has been soundcard .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  check   replace
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a record for a resource .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  query   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test digital and target which has all source which might be a operator operator .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  test   test
truth:  create   a

test:  if the user info of a refs store .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  write   return
truth:  generate   info

test:  return true if tool is datasource .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a location that is actually returns the draft with the given category .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  seq   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  module   module

test:  check if system coefficients is a scipy system tuple .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  check   check

test:  a wrapper around six .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  report   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  sort the natural natural by adding the given collection .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  takes   sort
truth:  applies   a

test:  check if configs is available .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  update the theme class .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  null   context
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  load   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  creates list of tests from a given directory .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get element of input element .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  return   null
truth:  nested   get

test:  parses the matrix matrix into a tuple of values .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  null   parser

test:  returns an array of unique groups that correspond to seqs .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  return   null
truth:  map   map

test:  lock a file descriptor .
truth: lock file . 
test:  handle   return
truth:  file   file

test:  this function checks the api to make the api .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  password   bytes
truth:  null   method

test:  get the wcs grid from the record .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  add given suffix to unused dicts .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  ensures   entry
truth:  returns   a

test:  set a new home directory if set to a new user .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   a
truth:  change   change

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return a human readable type .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  parse   adjust
truth:  return   return

test:  test composite .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add an element to the list table .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  sort keys based on values .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the default widget type .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  encoding   null
truth:  to   null

test:  cut the existence of a employees image .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  return   a

test:  compare the two images and apply to the expected image .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  to   compare
truth:  compute   compute

test:  checks that a string is a valid zipfile .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  direct the lists in the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   get
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  replace api-version .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for the the date/time to finish .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  func   null
truth:  func   func

test:  unpack lines that make yaml serialization .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  null   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  a validator to validate a type of "cos" 1 .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the description for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment details view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an unused port on localhost on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to exit update the specified host or maintenance cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  if   put
truth:  take   null

test:  return continued length .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  return   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function for returning a content item from a given topic .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generate points for points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  projects   images
truth:  points   points

test:  creates a breadcrumbs from a breadcrumbs .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the loops from the loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns random integer value in javascript .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  provides a string parsed from a tag .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  parse   code
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert the given object to a dict .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  to   function

test:  fixture which provides a fake recwarn object .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  return   a

test:  run a tablespace with the tablespace name .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  removes   quota
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  helper for setting channel from app .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm events from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   sphere
truth:  read   lsm

test:  return the working directory of an alternative .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  return   files
truth:  returns   current

test:  preload any audio delay in a stream .
truth: get streams . 
test:  content   options
truth:  get   streams

test:  formats the byte string for a human readable way .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  require system .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  partition to two classes .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  matches   return
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if a given tour tour tour .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  given the description of a random test .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if the given language is in the given language .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the first kind .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  trims   integer
truth:  null   numbers

test:  send a message to hipchat hipchat hipchat api .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  make a thread .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a name for the given phonenumber .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper method to get user api and project names for a user .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  build   user
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  quotes a url if it isnt already quoted .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  a erfa helper for a erfa erfa using erfa .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  check   host
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a device has a virtio device .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  validates that a string looks like a valid key names .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  check   list
truth:  validate   validate

test:  provide the options for the onionshare hfa .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse the given host and return the default string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  make the boot zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  populate   options
truth:  boot   boot

test:  returns a usable graph object .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   graph

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig uuid specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   reference

test:  differentiate and evaluate a polynomial in x_j in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum integrity test .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  constrained   unicode
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  group the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a single single doctype or remote object if it does not exist .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the value of a cgroup fragment .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  checks if the given ip address is a valid ipv4-address .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  is   a
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  show a fiff from a fiff file .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  read   print
truth:  show   show

test:  check if a block contains a given definition definition .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  add items to page in template .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  returns html path of given html .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  splits   html
truth:  map   a

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   default_data
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of python dictionary .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list all packages packages found in directory where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an array of zeros with zeros .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  like   like

test:  get the float that is float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  install flocker task distribution .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   flocker
truth:  install   zfs

test:  create an sns service .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a failure that runs the tests in this package .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  extract   create
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the current flash are there a there .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  milestone add .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  null   queue
truth:  null   milestone

test:  filter out the opaque in the consumer .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given the value in a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  generate a constraint for when one or another constraint .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  tell   unicode
truth:  given   a

test:  default zone .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  default   prints
truth:  default   default

test:  a safe function for testing that returns the previous series of the previous number of numbers .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  pops   selection
truth:  compute   compute

test:  converts etree namespaces element to a feed subscription subscription .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  coordinate   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload files to an pathlist .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   distribution
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test a timedelta chart using a timedelta folder .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  a simple function that takes a list of list of tuples .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  convert   encode
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch a remote refs .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  alternate shell file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  checks if a python source has been imported .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  if   command
truth:  source   source

test:  returns the adapt point of the given set of webapp points for the given list of neurons .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of sample devices .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   get

test:  plots a line to be used in a new python socket .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  cast an enum to int or int .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  casts   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper function to flatten a variable into a variable .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  create a byte term with terms into a search .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  retrieve   function
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a session from the database .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  use   null
truth:  destroy   session

test:  gets the list of named named named graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the url for the given image ref .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  multi-dimensional multi-dimensional item from list or continuous prefix .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  determines   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an image into a network input .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  completes based on the contents of the current python prefix .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  based   null

test:  create a bound method from a function .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   magic

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  get and display the resource .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  attempts to switch an endpoint .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  switch   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this check check that if a tensor has a non-empty cudandarray .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get markdown words .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  connect to a private system .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  to   a
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  retrieve all the system roles available for the provided system .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compute the laplace checksum of a rectangle .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  if   return
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract the submitting message .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  checks if the request matches the given arguments and returns the report as the route .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a random integer with the given number of possible values .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns true if given stream is valid .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a database object .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  runs a command from a git checkout .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  to   command
truth:  git   git

test:  allow issue wrap wrap keys in url .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  attributes   null
truth:  to   test

test:  implement nrt_meminfo_data_fast function for handling module to the given llvm .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  function   create
truth:  define   a

test:  set traffic server density in memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  test that the timeout can be instantiated .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  run   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all tag names in an iterable .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  test missing argument .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  missing   null
truth:  show   show

test:  a utility method for parsing token keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  parse   utility
truth:  based   null

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  declare the default queue size .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a remote repository from a remote repository .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  fetch   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  logs an episode in a log file .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  return   log
truth:  log   history

test:  prints command and logout to logout .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  have   login
truth:  using   testing

test:  takes a username and returns a list of authorization headers .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  to   null
truth:  call   call

test:  returns the distance between each other .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{set} dictionary .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  downgrade the v1 by removing the auto_close_date column at the auto_close_date by futures .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  moves   sets
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  a entropy .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  square   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  listen to audio events .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  null   a
truth:  called   null

test:  usage: {% page_permissions page as active if stopped .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  generated   link
truth:  usage   usage

test:  inject tags of the tags .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  injects   null

test:  test no bundle if not to merge .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  run   null
truth:  missing   a

test:  merge c{g}s metadata .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  extended   channel
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update the named user .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  update   update
truth:  config   config

test:  check whether the caller access to the caller .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  check   method
truth:  function   function

test:  used by other job when our client supports djangos djangos program .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  required   null
truth:  null   builder

test:  determine if the directory is in the file/directory .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  if   return
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a double double double double double double about the humanfilesize() .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  look up a class by a function name .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  module   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve quotas for an image .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  find   set
truth:  called   method

test:  set tensorflow fraction for tensorflow html/xml .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  assign   gregorian
truth:  set   set

test:  print a document in a document .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  make   a
truth:  append   append

test:  handles groups of user groups .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  turn   fixes
truth:  null   groups

test:  return the sum of an iterable object .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the host size of the host memory buffer .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list of utilization .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert dll name to utf-8 dll .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  convert   dll

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  filter items of an recursive specified predicate .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  filter   filter

test:  reload the make sure the given request was running on .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  send   send
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   new

test:  computes the clebsch inverse of a 1-d equation .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the message id .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  get   action
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a continuous random variable with an z distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the name of the backend handling this request .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  return   a
truth:  backend   backend

test:  return a subset of images that are passed in the given sequence of images .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  template   pivot
truth:  determines   null

test:  kill a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  suspend   state
truth:  kill   kill

test:  get the overriding key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   compare
truth:  get   comparison

test:  gets a number that is actually a number of country groups in the country number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a profile id associated with a given service name .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  traverses   ids
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  nice join to a sequence of characters .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  pull   null
truth:  join   join

test:  checks the limit of documents is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  python type that has a comma-separated tree .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  set   set

test:  evaluate metagenomeseqs functions .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  null   metagenomeseqs
truth:  run   run

test:  find a conda and/or blacklist for a specified path .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  return   equivalent
truth:  supplied   null

test:  restrict forward to a forward process .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  find   eeg
truth:  restrict   null

test:  initiate the traffic server configuration from traffic .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  to   read
truth:  read   traffic

test:  generate a new addon name for the given addon .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set flag to prevent info .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  retrieve discovery doc for a resource .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the gram-schmidt without sorting it .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  render a low-level template with the given arguments and data from a new-style buffer .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  text   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return an iterator over type corresponding to a pandas type .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  null   field
truth:  get   a

test:  create all file names in directory tree by path .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get a list of mapping objects for a given cluster .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  count   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  return true if ufunc can cast to any of the ufunc .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   variant

test:  download and download a video from a start file .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test edf annotations from channel .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  to   file
truth:  if   test

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  set   set

test:  return the project object .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  calculate position for a given .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  null   size
truth:  return   return

test:  get eip gateway .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  error   error
truth:  error   error

test:  return the storage repository to hold vm images .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  tests   return
truth:  return   return

test:  it does upgrade a dependency upgrade .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  add intersections of the loops for the loops .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  runs the given target with the given output .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  multivariate   a
truth:  unmount   a

test:  convert a document into a dict with content and the content type .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if the given shell is a shell needed .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  updates resolved metadata from the episodes in the iso-formatted-like .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  build   contacts
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a list of available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  entry point for bin/* prepare the feedback refrsh .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  run   null
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  extracts a n-dimensional n-dimensional string from a list of volume .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  returns a list of transversals objects for a strong bsgs .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  thin wrapper around dog_stats_api .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  text   a
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a set of steps from the graph g .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the carving for a gcode file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given path has a hidden attribute .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  html snippet .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  return the cover of the cover to the given image container name to find it for the cover directory .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  print a list of notification setting for orders .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  create a simple tree of a tree .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format the payload in the response into a more than the specified unicode .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  format   a
truth:  pass   in

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  build schema corresponding to validation .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  gets   names
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a url for a given token .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  build   bson
truth:  generates   a

test:  raise exception when resource class .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  release media list created with l{libvlc_media_list_new}() .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  creates   media
truth:  get   media

test:  construct list of source files in given source file .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  build   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get connection info .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  get   get
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get the loop from the circle nodes .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  capitalize string input string .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  marathon when ip is able to run a container per ip address .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  clear all pending plugins .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   information

test:  initiate generation of a student in bulk .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  retrieve   collection
truth:  display   display

test:  perform t-test to the t-test of the linear inequality inequality .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get absolute path to resource located in master .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   function
truth:  increments   element

test:  converts from nats to fileobj .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  return   a

test:  show the information of the specified domain cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   list
truth:  return   a

test:  this is mostly suspicious to update executable .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  to   update
truth:  update   update

test:  run a new python module in the local directory .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  like   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  this function helps you want to send a user .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  function   implementation
truth:  display   a

test:  verify the config directory of addition .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  returns a list of all file names in a directory .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  return   search
truth:  scan   a

test:  move all cgsnapshots in an entity .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  creates   sort
truth:  go   null

test:  make a testcase to amp agent .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  is the python body body .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add the given file using the given dataverse .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  internal method .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  make   null
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  create   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  token   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   compute
truth:  p   p

test:  considering the euclidean distances between x and y:: .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  format string into a message .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if path is absolute .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  function to add metadata to the http vote .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   null

test:  get a generator of unstaged changes to index .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  return   get
truth:  walk   null

test:  return information about a meter for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   return

test:  embed an album into maxwidth using cls .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   art
truth:  embed   album

test:  get the binary dependencies of a running file without live the global python script .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  get   return
truth:  grab   null

test:  returns first n items of iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  configure rules with port names .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  complete   completion
truth:  using   null

test:  given a mesh matrix .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  to   load
truth:  return   sparse

test:  a integer integer k such that a and b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a pathlist into an iterable of hex values .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  function to build the list of questions for a given template .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   homepage
truth:  build   a

test:  convert a string of signed token to a cms token .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a rule name .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   add

test:  returns an absolute uri .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   url
truth:  build   build

test:  returns a queryset of vnc ports .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ignore error due to the context .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  null   error
truth:  check   check

test:  init the web-history new history .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   json
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return the stack trace for the given stack .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  return   docstring
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  initialize the viewpoint handler .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the description for this edge description .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   namespace
truth:  get   get

test:  iterate a boto record .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  reading   null
truth:  solves   problem

test:  request to have regenerate certificates for a task .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  passing   request
truth:  submits   a

test:  rule : rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply any data from the supplied variable to a list of dicts .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  make   apply
truth:  modify   null

test:  check to see if line is rgb .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  test   a

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  set the global ui object .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  set   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert loc vector to polar coordinates .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  convert   a

test:  execute the responder process .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  command   tables
truth:  hook   hook

test:  select an endpoint from the service catalog .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  function   null
truth:  select   null

test:  read -> str return the unicode string from the file in fh and number .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  null   null
truth:  read   read

test:  send translations from translation to translation .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  renders   checks
truth:  translated   append

test:  returns a config dir .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  return   starting
truth:  get   users

test:  provides a valid qos policy .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  return   query
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the first item in the list is true .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  given   null
truth:  execute   something

test:  return r-style for the chi^2 probability distribution parameters y : float probabilities of sigma_hat in the sample case of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  null   pdf
truth:  null   derivative

test:  returns a random string of salt_chars characters .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture to get the cpu backend using the backend .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  determines the url for a given number .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if address is link-local multicast multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if qurl is naive or not .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  check   check

test:  convert an integer into a long log base class .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  convert   arguments
truth:  find   find

test:  get the round .
truth: get the round . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  update the mapped patch with the given dataset .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  update   update
truth:  to   function

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the access flags .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  transform   transform

test:  execute a gluster command .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  allow   commands
truth:  perform   a

test:  a function returning a dict .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   dict

test:  start matrix to start with x and start multiple constant operations .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  arrays   element
truth:  -   -

test:  see if any of the files in the list .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  send an email from a categories .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  send   send
truth:  email   email

test:  converts a unix timestamp to a datetime .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  replaces   attempts
truth:  is   null

test:  run the geos tests in the percent .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   partitions
truth:  null   probability

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  computes a response with the specified numpy .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  taken   null
truth:  null   response

test:  queries against list of locations to zookeeper .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  install   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the node boundary of nodes from a nodes .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test fit a fixed bound to fixed and fixed bound .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  to   intervals
truth:  test   test

test:  print a list of folder .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  calculate the allowed list of known projects .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  use   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is an error .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the keys and values of a dictionary .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  to   a
truth:  like   like

test:  cast a remote method to cast state of the remote server .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  send   a

test:  set public email for the queue .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  create   set
truth:  null   queue

test:  return the indent of the current linux distribution .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  return   json
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the number of sync processes .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  applies a function in a video/audio clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  return   strings
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if line looks like a python line .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a json object for students whose certificates is students .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  returns the next weekday for adjacent adjacent timedelta .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  null   date
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate a set of intermediate levels in a list of attributes .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check that the poolclient is possible to be removed by database .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  sends stdout so we can suppress in a line .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  context   redirect
truth:  disable   null

test:  given a list of users .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  notify a successful about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   notify
truth:  send   a

test:  return true if we are a datetime arraylike object arraylike .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  returns a sizer for a message field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true iff running from the idle .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates the locate database .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  download   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  return the domain and domain attributes for a given domain .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a simple way to sort type of type types .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  null   a
truth:  obj   obj

test:  monitor service via monit cli example: .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  ensure   in
truth:  get   get

test:  this diagram an ipython session .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  start   request
truth:  construct   new

test:  write git file .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   equivalent
truth:  write   null

test:  generate the notebook table .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  null   a
truth:  xml   xml

test:  lists xmls of a specific @hook .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tell   null

test:  wait until a predicate has been reached .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   up

test:  generate the additional properties from the value of a model instance .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  null   validator

test:  retrieve list of available instance sizes .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  list   get
truth:  null   method

test:  deletes an es elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if python environment is over ssl command line .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  check if the node is booting .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  extend   null
truth:  if   check

test:  setup the snmp component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   types
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  returns true if the given name is an super super .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: version of djangos number of support tool requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:copy to use .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  migrate the version string to match the current linux distribution .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  if   program
truth:  if   null

test:  send a message to a socket .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  sends   null

test:  validate a logger for a file .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  require the oracle .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return a version of current linux system cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write a fake ring set in the docker-compose .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  write   filter
truth:  null   pretty

test:  produce a postorder postorder of nodes in a depth-first-search pre-ordering starting from source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  backward using the setting in source matches a relation relation .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  translated   matches

test:  exponential linear unit n_colors .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  null   kernel
truth:  square   square

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  if   check

test:  creates a node on the esx machine .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian angle for a particular group in the passed axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  stochastic relative strength index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the modulestore setting for a modulestore setting .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume advance the iterator .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  advance   signal
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a json representation .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  count the number of elements of each 3d 3d examples .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  func   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes namespace and see if specific" is a symbolic .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  to   label
truth:  blocking   non

test:  given a set of str .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  perform tidy and function multiple tidy .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  parse   options
truth:  null   a

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   circle
truth:  generate   generate

test:  checks whether the given process is currently being run .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  if   check

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a storage storage class by enrolling and closing a storage class .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  loads the windows feature .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  install   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  extract control file from a package .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the monogo_return options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to add substitute on a given do .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download filename from network website .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   filename
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  make a template class for *attr* *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns true if the given project matches the specified project .
truth: test if . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   test

test:  add an user like object .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  expands the :setting:celery_routes setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  class decorator for :func: .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the sign sign symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the default yarncluster instance .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  obtain   return
truth:  get   get

test:  set modified on the database .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  set   set
truth:  modified   sets

test:  returns a snmp string from a snmp location as a snmp node .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  return   sample
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  register an attr stanza .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  register   a
truth:  associate   a

test:  returns a list of violations reports for a given file .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  null   a
truth:  finds   violations

test:  find existing file in the given directory .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  file   find
truth:  looks   null

test:  converts a tuple into a tuple .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  print the python executable .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a configured oslo_messaging transport .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert list to desired nearest nearest string .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  remove keys from dictionary .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  workaround   a
truth:  emit   null

test:  connect to *address* and return the certificate object .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  simplified   null
truth:  null   null

test:  use this factory to wrapper around toplevel .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  return   return
truth:  enables   a

test:  release media manager instance on media list items the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  lock   event
truth:  get   get

test:  record the line up to an ipv6 stack .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  return   attribute
truth:  correct   correct

test:  delete the logged in the topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  removes   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  decorate a function with a given server .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the homogeneity score of the i-th score .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  return   request
truth:  null   metric

test:  definition : definition | const_map | right | nonassoc .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   null

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  append append entries to the end of its end .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  null   appends
truth:  complete   null

test:  get paths without non-pooling .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   path

test:  in milliseconds since epoch .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  formats   compute
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all cgsnapshots .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  prefix a path .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  strip   return
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  order   order

test:  check a precision matrix to see if the precision type is a precision precision .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   a

test:  update the config_id server in the repository folder .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  update   sample
truth:  server   server

test:  find the spherical spherical within a problem_raw_score_changed or quadratic equation .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  find   image

test:  return the term of a matrix that is the term of the decrypt function .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  error   a
truth:  given   integers

test:  this function will check if an ajax response has been created .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  checks that named exception is fail .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  returns the default group type for the group .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email to requesting confirmation email .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  add check to the deprecated argument .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a buckets check that the values of the values escape .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  like   github
truth:  constructs   null

test:  test if proxies should not be used for a year .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  provides   try
truth:  read   proxy

test:  read images from a given image file .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  read   gaussian
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   group

test:  return a list of all files in a directory .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  print   works
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a loop list of dicts to represent the loop positions to a loop .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  given   a
truth:  build   a

test:  load the entry from the distribution .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  load   json
truth:  name   name

test:  check if the vm is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  a simple helper function that takes a set of reference values and a set of reference values in a set of reference .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   function
truth:  given   a

test:  parse http response to get http response body .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the specified activity type exists .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the url to the users authenticate .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  null   hook
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  return the base type for the given type .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns details of the environment variables .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   paths
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise shape of tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  null   x
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all flags from the given feature .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if *obj* is a bpf object .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  export a roundtrip to it .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  create a list of child objects of csort objects .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that lists get a list of tuples are node .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  build   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into drive/unc sharepoint and according to the split split .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets the value in a property .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  arg   arg

test:  filter a file in cache .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  caching   null

test:  list all themes in a given themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  lists   return
truth:  display   display

test:  get the results for a process to use in redis .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  convert counters from amount to counter format .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  format   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  verify that the given credentials match the given mode is valid .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  null   authorization

test:  repeat a 2d tensor with the specified axis .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  repeat   a
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return a list of all running services cli example: .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  function   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  this function returns a dictionary of status of a service .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  append the text to the tensorflow scope .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  append   literal

test:  get the version of currently installed version .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  create a key .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  reverse   up
truth:  given   a

test:  read the header header from a stream .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   print
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a glob glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  formats a value using given format .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : plist name | atom .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   partitions
truth:  null   null

test:  return fields in a model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  reset vo classes to a warning .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  retrieves the real host name for the given wsgi host .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate the random filename name .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that a package supports be installed .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  require   item
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return an array of args .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that a string is a valid simple check .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if a user is associated to the current session .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  function to ever indexers dtype .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  if   a
truth:  coerce   null

test:  close file descriptor .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  check   a
truth:  file   file

test:  dynamically generate command to be used .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  return   command
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator only applicable an asynchronous asynchronous function .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a stream entries .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  write   null

test:  return a boolean indicating whether a string should be a valid string .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  boolean   map
truth:  find   find

test:  generate an srt surface of sjson from sjson .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  function   sparse
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  returns the full markup name for a markup .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the settings for the given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  load the compiler compiler compiler .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   config
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  loads a npz by invoking a file .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  read   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  to   unicode
truth:  to   null

test:  wrap a class in a model .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drop   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  try to get the current dropbox folder .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  page rendered with internationalization .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  return   view
truth:  rendered   page

test:  the mapping file should be updated by mapping .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  accumulate   version
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  extracts the first value from the given provider .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  support   numpys
truth:  value   value

test:  test the calculate and ae with the shortest values .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  test   null
truth:  visualize   null

test:  returns true if user is in contributor mode .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given data in the column .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  round   data
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given an xml file .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the value of a particular facet facet .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  filter   returns
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  get the html name for the given section .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the line interface instance .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for creating and ccx with the given check .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  indicates   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait until the seconds expires is available .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a numpy array of the same family .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a no-op method to wait until a class is loaded .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   a

test:  return a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if a project can transfered transfered .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  test static static static static static static static .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  determine a set of neighbor connectivity for a set of neighbor .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  index   strip
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  calculates   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a filename to a pathlist image .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  rest controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  remove a key from the system .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  null   method

test:  utility method to strand me the 2 readable string s1 .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  reverse   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the depth2space transformation for a rational function .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of ports ports within the given security groups .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  stop   set
truth:  set   set

test:  validates password from l2 password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  converts a string of a datetime object to a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  run tests with successful .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  behave   options
truth:  run   unit

test:  returns true if all non-empty tmpfile tmpfile tmpfile is supported on this host .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  modified   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the received object from the changelog .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generator to traverse a tree in a parenthesised manner .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  iterates over markdown .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  processing   markdown
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  check whether the given statement is ignored by the statement .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  used   calculate
truth:  enforce   a

test:  convert a dense :class:psutil string into an integer .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compute bounding-box targets for an image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  support   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test uninstalling a rollback .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  uninstall   uninstalling
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a gzip gzip of a file as a byte string .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  null   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  check that cosmology works with cosmology .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  test   whitespace
truth:  null   null

test:  should be represented as a string for use as json .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  write   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request or marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate uniform order of uniform uniform statistic .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  this is a wrapper around the xlimits to unpack unpack .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  null   password
truth:  support   support

test:  splits a sequence of arrays into an array of arrays .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  split   utility
truth:  split   split

test:  decodes a unicode string using utf-8 encoding .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  null   decodes
truth:  like   like

test:  gets list of receivers from the given sender .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return a decorator that converts a given content to a given content this text .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a sphinx matrix to a given document .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  package   documents
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  process markdown by mode .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  text   return
truth:  render   render

test:  do any work necessary to prepare the jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  execute the index of the operation .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  using   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  stop all the specified target .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return a list of names of the metasources list of paths .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  automatically log response from logging .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  use the public object to set the public datacenter for the inits .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  create   a
truth:  enables   null

test:  converts keys and values of dictionary to str type parameters d: str .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test plotting log .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  fix a stride from a stride .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  fix   fix

test:  make sure the grouping groupings are grouping .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  output   output

test:  run the given command with arguments .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   path
truth:  run   run

test:  find if the given datastore .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  find   find

test:  pad or several data with small size is it out of the runnable runnable .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  pads   pad
truth:  apply   standard

test:  given a tag .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  format   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the ecobee notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the match for routes .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  simple integer of the same as the training .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  expand   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates a random tensor filled with shape and tensor .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  an http request .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  processes   a

test:  get the current timeout timeout of the standby for the specified scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate all rst from access: .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  compile   graph
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the contents of the file .
truth: return test data . 
test:  list   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get all quota usage for a resource and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  update   a
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create a lag port .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  open a binary file using the given mode .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  find the mean of a standard deviation from the input *individuals* .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  produce   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  list all vertical events .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   list
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes the string remove from the right of a file .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return the information of the named package(s) info cli example: .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  function   function

test:  add the members from the group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   members
truth:  add   members

test:  a decorator to use a handler for a server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a tree representing a mapping file between optionally tree .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  install   a
truth:  add   add

test:  default implementation of the object .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  retrieve   check
truth:  to   predicate

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  get the service status .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  run   a
truth:  function   function

test:  pre-ooxml sampling loss function .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  null   version
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  load a movie file .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  read   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return the shortcut associated with a given context .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  returns the command .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  indent a string .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indentation   add
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add tenant access to flavor access list .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  get information on a users zpool cli example: .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  return   null
truth:  provide   grains

test:  parameters tidy : int .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  release   release

test:  return a dict with keys of the current user .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  null   view
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the last remotes .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  delete an attribute from the attribute .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  edit check to edit an absolute source .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  source   edit
truth:  source   source

test:  return the version of the api .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   return

test:  if request is in json .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  registered   request
truth:  add   a

test:  require a opkg package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  determine whether the given string is in the list of arguments in use .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  encode a numpy .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pretty print the filesize for a file .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  bytes   arrays
truth:  return   return

test:  check that this cors is valid setup .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  image data to load a image from disk .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  vertical sobel on an edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  returns the script name .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   script

test:  get the fallback configuration name for a section .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  return   check
truth:  value   value

test:  create a random string of the raw token .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  check that the character ports are referenced with bad ports .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  report   qt
truth:  null   a

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  url   a
truth:  url   url

test:  a decorator to save the method on a method in self .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  null   frills

test:  returns a structure with the given number of binary iterations .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  iterate   a

test:  get the word .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] = a != b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  penn treebank vocabulary and train vocabulary into default vocabulary .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  list   null
truth:  load   load

test:  check if something character is present in the string .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to get a size of a field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  to   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  send an index page .
truth: index handler . 
test:  null   send
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  perform a root leastsq .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  solve   solve

test:  returns a decorator that converts a user model to a default cache .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  set the value of the location variable .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return a dictionary with keys of the keys in the form .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  dictionary   merge
truth:  merge   one

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test starting a process .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  starting   start
truth:  test   test

test:  start the salt api .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  cast object to json .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  cast   return
truth:  null   method

test:  list principal policies from the specified principal cli example: .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  convert an integer to list of visible users .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  turn a given keywords string into one .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  create a switchport .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  computes   object
truth:  writes   null

test:  configure c arguments for image .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  running   in

test:  check if file is a valid development archive .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return information about the selinux version .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a gtk object from a gtk resource .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  index   a
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing area update status section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  routing   service
truth:  routing   area

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic cubic cubic c{class} of base64 .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  array   request
truth:  null   a

test:  decorate a function that expects a class .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add the index indices .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  endpoint   get
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  sends a certain programs repository .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  run   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  export a csv file .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  import   multiple
truth:  export   data

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that the rackspace name is enabled .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  return   check
truth:  list   a

test:  install a beacon .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  report report state of a report .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  gets   routine
truth:  null   information

test:  get the cluster id for the given cluster name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  package   reference
truth:  function   function

test:  gather all elements of the given string .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  visit   visit

test:  make a test parameter .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove leading and newlines from a string .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  compute   remove
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the inset inset loops from the loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  true if the value represents any of the given value .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test whether a numpy area share a readable actual config file .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  return   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in the requested response .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the glut event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  initialize the db .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  start   database
truth:  initializes   null

test:  given an ssh gateway .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of existing figure groups .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of redis instance from a string .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects image in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  content   jobs
truth:  labels   labels

test:  constructs a facet from a document_pb .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  analyzes the analysis arguments: tex_root -- the tex root as a string .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resource headers for guided catalog .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  null   headers
truth:  header   header

test:  combine numpy components in numpy arrays .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  left   null

test:  check that methods do not have the hyphen .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   state
truth:  check   no

test:  write a serialized serialized serialized serialized format and replot data .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  run   decodes
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns python objects for the given json string .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  returns   python

test:  return a list of the currently installed package names on the system .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  list   multiple
truth:  return   a

test:  this tests that iterates once in discussion source file .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  using   utility
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator that adds api calls to classes to response .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  used   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  validate the privileges for an activity_dict .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validates   current
truth:  validate   validate

test:  expands a recipe from a series of variables to general files .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  export   null
truth:  outputs   a

test:  remove the total status of browser .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  run   null
truth:  quit   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an cinderblockdeviceapi backend for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  initialize the bias sigmoid -> str .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   b

test:  process a process and all its children .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  wait   wrapper
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a new quirks of length 1 .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  build   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse the date string to get the date .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average average precision at the 2012 average of the 2012 score .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  pulls a repo tag .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  check if the original line is complete .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  payment - remove flag if http .
truth: process one link . 
test:  download   function
truth:  process   one

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-checkout(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout opts any additional options to add to the command line .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  print a set of shell alias for an alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  print   list
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using a finder version .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that multiarg deep deep be called after multiarg .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   nodes
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if the specified fhandle is actually explicitly preserve the lrc .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  returns   arguments
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  convert the integer critical to a method list .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  computes the squared statistic using expected results of input image and shape .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  given   container
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  helper function from an alignment region .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test if an urls is repo .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  test   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  delete content from the those cache directory .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   apk

test:  prints a message and exit .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi-function with a fastcgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  test that a simple size of the same depth as the pair .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  show   unicode
truth:  null   message

test:  get the login token .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends a message on a topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  get   -
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure the user can querying suggestions .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  log patchsets data to log in binary data .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  replaces   like
truth:  null   group

test:  merge two dictionaries by dicts .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  test that download and tmpdata .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  do the receiver to kill back with senderkey from receiver .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   tests
truth:  do   null

test:  authentication handler for urllib2 .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  verify   logs
truth:  returns   a

test:  update raw eeg parameters .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  to   null
truth:  deal   null

test:  resets the module attempts to reset to a stack .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  resets   change
truth:  reset   reset

test:  returns the path to the device file of the device using the custom non-interactive cache directory .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  check whether a subject has subjects_dir in subjects_dir .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the hash value for a function .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  frees the list available audio output output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  frees   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  show freebsd -> str when a freebsd was modified .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  parse   enable
truth:  set   set

test:  update import job in db .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  null   update
truth:  import   import

test:  decorator that returns a function on a thread when a thread was run .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  given   null

test:  return entry .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  loads   return
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a string into a port .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  determines protected against csp against csp against csp .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  decorates   null
truth:  to   method

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start a wsgi-function and run a new server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  benchmark several runs on a single dataset .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  configures   test
truth:  run   run

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument type passed in that is a unicode type .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  pulls   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  put the list of published posts into blog posts for blog posts .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  null   a
truth:  put   a

test:  check that all discrete discrete discrete variables .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  set the localectl name for the locale to use .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  use   use

test:  return cast type based on a cast type .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  just check that the given launcher and user has the least one class to be present .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  recursively generate a largest from the table in the book .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  text   return
truth:  given   null

test:  test io for i/o .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   statistics
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator to add domain functions to a domain domain .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  creates an exception from a datastore error .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  render   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  test that getter socket can be instantiated .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   null
truth:  socket   socket

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  import   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  provides the entry from a resource .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  list   a
truth:  correct   correct

test:  lists all zones for a project .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  lists   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  encode a unicode object or a module into a unix object .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  fail   request
truth:  returns   a

test:  evaluates the clip of x to an ndarray .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  null   class
truth:  compute   compute

test:  revert pseudo-quotient to subprocess in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks barcodes of barcodes in barcodes fields .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  all values of an iterator .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  view function which handles an email .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  token   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a normalized unit unit unit convert string to a normalized unit unit unit unit .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  time   time

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  check if a package is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return hosts .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  entries   configuration
truth:  null   configuration

test:  create the pid in the pid file .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   version
truth:  create   create

test:  encode a python string into a file .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  object   object

test:  detects whether the string is valid .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  does   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a bilinear kernel kernel .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade bill .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  null   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for ec2 configurations .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  null   service

test:  test if theano .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the url where the urls are deleted .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure the master will be configured .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  set   set

test:  add a url to campaign .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   add

test:  set the layers .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  null   set
truth:  parse   svg

test:  create a k[x] polynomial of f in k[x] .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for a timeout to finish .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  if   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  prints the status code .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   options
truth:  search   search

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  return the file in the given project .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  build   default
truth:  load   a

test:  make matched text file .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  displays a row for buttons .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  be   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  return a dict of files to find the files in the console .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   return
truth:  looks   null

test:  stop a rule in a proper formula rule .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  null   null
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return true if source can connect to the given source .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  return   return

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  returns true if the promo preliminary preliminary end .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   return

test:  prints out what items .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  null   utility

test:  delete a signal .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  updates   exit
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the group specs for a group .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  list all command keys in this vmware environment .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  get   list
truth:  return   a

test:  list installed perl states .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  list   return
truth:  list   list

test:  wait for a task to appear as long .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  a simple :app:pyramid general encodes a predicate .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  save all the calibration .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  redirects the user to the login login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  convert   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  a candidates version of the strftime date .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are wrong type .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  process   null
truth:  call   call

test:  return the exception object .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  exception   exception

test:  format the changes made to the rfc2617 .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  if   a
truth:  format   format

test:  parses an alert logger .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should extract background steps into something that can be .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the dna hmm .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  find   average
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  make sure that slugify correctly if it part part looks like a slugify string .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  a de method to get the versioned document from a document .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  if   key
truth:  if   key

test:  return rgb image .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   image

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set proxy facts if not already present in facts dict args: facts : facts returns: dict: the proxy facts if not previously set unique facts dict updated .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  compare   proxy
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  declare   null

test:  check whether a pid is running .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  if   check
truth:  use   os

test:  view all entities to json .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  search   redirect
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test that columns columns of strings columns columns in py3 columns .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a mysql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to project/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  this does does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return disk units .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  to   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  return the job status in the given job .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  a memoize method to use a method docstrings .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   standard

test:  update a user password cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns taxa taxa taxa table .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  execute a file or raise an exception on a url .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  context   context
truth:  name   name

test:  get a new description of a given description .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  load   load

test:  return a context manager that ignores any source information in the source .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper function to find an xml document .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  null   find
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out the version of the git checkout .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  to   works
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  encrypts a message .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a kth proxyconfig using the specified "foobar .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  extracts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test validation .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a json dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  updates cache when a comment is saved .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  invalidate   update
truth:  related   update

test:  return a conda .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  time   string
truth:  null   null

test:  update the information .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  update   discover
truth:  update   update

test:  exprlist : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  convert a relative relative level to a string .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract volume info from a module meta volume .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  test that the test function in 'funcname .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  check   test
truth:  is   null

test:  execute command in add and wait for floats .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  run   a

test:  get the list of available zones ids for this process .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  given   find
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return standard equivalent to the runner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  default   a
truth:  given   null

test:  compute square-free part of a polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  returns package version of pip .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the current version of the source .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  calculates   version
truth:  list   list

test:  return an seed if its a learner does not exist .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  return   apply
truth:  return   return

test:  given a context .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  we need this function that gets the cached value of an sosfilt api .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  cleanup   x
truth:  filter   data

test:  test the python module with the passed module .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  to   version
truth:  test   test

test:  displays a header .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  print   a
truth:  format   format

test:  common data from the configuration file .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  text   set
truth:  undo   undo

test:  helper function converts a string into a regular expression .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   null

test:  run commands in a subshell .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  run   a
truth:  specified   null

test:  parses the given html stream and returns a tuple of html objects .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  lists   find
truth:  look   null

test:  quotes quoted entities in a string .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   measure
truth:  wraps   a

test:  computes the cdf of the cdf from the specified position .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format a long-int object for consumption .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  raise resourcedenied if a resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne report .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  sync   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  runner runner .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return the current numeric name .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the release to show up to break .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  release   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return contiguous regions of contiguous regions .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return a bundle bundle .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   osc

test:  print the list of paths to the search engine .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   filters
truth:  find   find

test:  compute content and the degree of f .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  null   price

test:  return a generator of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  compare versions using the version string .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compares   null

test:  batches limits from batches .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  returns   cleanup
truth:  start   start

test:  returns a string with a time in seconds since epoch .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  parse   time
truth:  time   time

test:  from a timeseries into its average form .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  return   median
truth:  is   null

test:  convert string values to a tuple .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  split   a
truth:  parse   k1

test:  format a number in human readable format .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  format   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove tags from an iam resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute normalized normalized normalized normalized phase from the data .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  this convert a python value to the appropriate os/2 .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  arrays   inverse
truth:  convert   a

test:  read data from a data file .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   data

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: always load . 
test:  if   null
truth:  load   load

test:  adds unique id to hardcoded hardcoded .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  index   a
truth:  add   add

test:  creates a flavor record in the table .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  adds   create
truth:  create   a

test:  similar to get_or_create .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  creates   cleanup
truth:  view   view

test:  set the audio output output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  set   remove
truth:  selects   null

test:  test that installing a requirements file using a requirements file .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a path to a binary path .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  project embed view shows a project for a given project .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  build   handler
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  check if data is encrypted .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  if   test

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the cflags .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  normalized   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  func   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  get the purchase from the serial number of serial hosts .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  collect   get
truth:  get   average

test:  create a single test that can be found inside a modules that doesnt have been loaded .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset the cuda app to include the previous state .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  null   everything

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  this wrapper is used to store theano in a local directories .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  to   up
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  return str representation of text .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the trimmed standard deviation of an initial sample .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  help   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  create a certificate from a trust certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  generate   place
truth:  builds   null

test:  data -> gzip encoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  verify   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  return the default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  detect the default decorator for a method .
truth: function type . 
test:  get   decorator
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get all namespaces namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  list   get
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  use the test class to override this test .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  fake   fake

test:  returns the path to the users .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  determines   return
truth:  to   null

test:  return this platform name .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  mail   send
truth:  mail   mail

test:  unload the distances in a kivy directory .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  unload   del
truth:  null   null

test:  entry point for conversion .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  point   parse
truth:  run   run

test:  extract the list of language strings from a given language layout .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  error   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a request to the api .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  get a database to use from database .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  show the details of an instance .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   details

test:  returns a handler that prints the given error type and all of its items .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the console debug .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  turns   enable
truth:  function   function

test:  get a reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  get the parent location .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  context   context

test:  check if the model is the permission to run the models .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return all of the contents of the package that owns the file .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   list
truth:  if   return

test:  gets the text from a file .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  selects the vm with the vm .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  pick   a
truth:  null   a

test:  write html file from string to a file .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   html
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  write the contents of the m3 file into the given list of paths .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  append   append

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next datapoint in the series is farther than three standard deviations out of the series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  to   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return hosts pretty name .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the spherical polygon by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a title .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  opens a file with lines from a file .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  calculate   get
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   language

test:  return true if the object is a list of dicts .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output by pillar .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  view a wiki sample of a document .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  extract   a

test:  determine if a backup backup backup supported by the request .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  broadcast   check
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to amazon machine :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test setting of source file .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   dipole
truth:  test   test

test:  import all submodules .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   null
truth:  expose   null

test:  ensures that the data passed in is a list of scores .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  rows   rows

test:  read text from file .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  return first n items of iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  publish c{main} to html .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  renders   html

test:  decorator to decide whether the function has been run in a scope function .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  return   function
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes a clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  return   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  create a tcp address from a string .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a validate with the given lexical object .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  build   a
truth:  given   null

test:  coupling with the convolutional layer .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  coupling   null

test:  test if a domain is a symbol .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this page has been unflag or deleted .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  allows   delete
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: heavy-job send matrix to tie tie .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   break
truth:  null   null

test:  transform filename to memmap filename .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  set displayer variables .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  null   function
truth:  set   set

test:  check the result of a method .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  checks   delete
truth:  checks   checks

test:  explicity stack .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  take   calculate
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return occurrences of the string passed in pat .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  count   decorator
truth:  find   find

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  local noise noise .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  fill   greyscale
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an puid <url .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  -   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sets up the stubs at a taskqueue .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   testing
truth:  setup   setup

test:  draw a program parameters lon_lat : int number of the url to draw a tex file .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   a

test:  test pip show divider .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  expect   a

test:  given the name .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  split   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get access to context .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  pull   view
truth:  given   a

test:  an celery stats .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  null   information
truth:  view   view

test:  get geometry output by manipulation .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  apply filters to query .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  download a archive that has been deleted .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  compute the mean of a ei image .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  arrays   join
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  write a list of a fif file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  send a message to endjob .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  complete   check
truth:  send   send

test:  test reading info in a models file .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   test
truth:  printing   printing

test:  get a filesystem message from the given file .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  find a relaxed distance between a relaxed step .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  null   service
truth:  null   distance

test:  saves the config .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  save   a
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  list tables in a dataset .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  see   a
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  returns the progress iterator for this minion .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  download   a
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if no object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  null   tool

test:  publish data to a topic topic .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  build   build

test:  builds the object spec object creates the root object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  remove the kernel between the ports .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  remove   copies
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a list of policies via rabbitmqctl list_permissions cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  list   queue
truth:  return   a

test:  confirm this module is on a gentoo based system .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  send a fake image to the upload .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  uploads   null
truth:  fakes   null

test:  return the inverse of n .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  return   neighbor
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  null   measurement
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  finds optimal separator .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  retrieve   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test that containing a gem least the provided least all target .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  wrap a function in an *query .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  build a list of directories to find directories in test environments .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   create

test:  start the cci instance and return the results in seconds .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  run   run
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a string of html references in html .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return return true if union of all the entries in b .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  list   list
truth:  union   union

test:  returns the drafts instance .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  null   guess
truth:  get   video

test:  load only if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a json object from a feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  link   link
truth:  creates   a

test:  creates user data from filter token token .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  filter   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  a generator function to walk up all python files in a given python source directory .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  walk   custom
truth:  yield   null

test:  computes the robust covariance matrix of ma ma parameters coefs : 1-d 1-d 1-d 1-d 1-d ndarray covariance .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  multivariate   one
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the version of the python version .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the last sensor platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert colour colour to brings .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  used   convert
truth:  convert   colour

test:  takes in dict and returns a dict of dictionaries or python objects .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  fab -h username@host goingdown .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write all registered module js and coffee files to the list of javascript files .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  returns an authorized googleanalayticsclient object .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  appends the given value to the nearer .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  is   null

test:  reload the configuration cli example: .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  restart   csf

test:  parse the provided email for the user .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  updates   mne
truth:  function   function

test:  generates a mock variance points .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  regex -> string return a task name .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   expression

test:  extracts message messages from a raw file .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  bind a random port to a port and return its port .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  port   a
truth:  get   a

test:  logs out the user actions .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  log   logs
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read a python file from the file named filename starting at offset .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   length

test:  returns true if any of the characters in the series/index .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  returns   a

test:  clone a vdi and clone it with the vdi .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  null   put
truth:  clones   a

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a sequence .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  sample   sample

test:  generate a random hotp token .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  generate   a

test:  flatten nested lists/dictionaries .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  flatten   generator
truth:  function   function

test:  builds a value for the form: state of the script .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  build   build
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  create an lastlines connection for a given transport .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  create   a
truth:  connect   a

test:  helper function that checks whether an items are lists .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  given   null
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  execute the callers execution command .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check if http version is at least one .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  in beetsplugin statements based on release/version statements .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  filter   comments

test:  set a link to a list of color names .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  n319 - use list comprehension instead of mutable checks .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   record
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   normalizes
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  add falls from the queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  fills   null

test:  return a graph to dot using dot .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  write   a
truth:  render   a

test:  constructs a session variable .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace newlines with mime newlines .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check that a new compatibility and returns true if it was changed .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  check   qos
truth:  check   check

test:  generate command .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  list   list

test:  escape markup in text .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   extension

test:  escapes the template engine for the given params .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve host groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   templates
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  shuffle a single server-side one .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  get the server setting for the smtp virtual server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  if early is a package with a dag .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  if   download
truth:  if   null

test:  generate the login url for the user .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  show   handler
truth:  take   action

test:  given a string and a list of items .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  forgot username .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  send   username
truth:  look   up

test:  converts a boolean value into a boolean value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a list of directory space associated with a directory .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get the endpoint of a server reviewer reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  redirect   redirect
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   convert
truth:  mark   a

test:  parses a string which is not empty .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  null   class

test:  randomly do a random value from the private key .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  used   a
truth:  m   m

test:  check if a user has access to this user .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get the pressure from the current system .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  index of the user tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  plots   types
truth:  listing   listing

test:  return gateway gateway for the deleted details .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  get   multiplication
truth:  return   gateway

test:  returns the maximum line containing the last line .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  get   list
truth:  look   null

test:  rectified relu .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return source object .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  source   source
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fix intersection of a graph using the provided prior .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  converts a datetime to a csl datetime for datastore storage .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks that value is non-empty type of type .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of continuation state which a revision has been replaced with the actual omit .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  to   reload
truth:  display   parser

test:  checks if the given key exists in the system .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  ensure   client
truth:  check   check

test:  test if an email address is not needed .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deprecated method for testing .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  computes the alternating statistic for a multivariate polynomial .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform an a6 record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  get the file name for this module .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  uses   show
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  looks up the fake noniterable by fake key in fake .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  attribute   null
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting setup section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  complete   section
truth:  null   section

test:  check that left and right sparseseries are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test with hidden text elements .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  warn() should not cause a case where streams can be found .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - write binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  decorator to validate a function or method .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  returns all the benchmarks in the current environment .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  clean   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if the given theoretical rectangle in the built directories .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   standard

test:  gets the state of a user .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  get   api
truth:  takes   a

test:  check to see if the specified ref is installed .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a directive directive token .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  parse   attempt
truth:  function   function

test:  compute a scalar-like function inplace .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  with_settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a vastly compatible with an ssl_options .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mock counters to add counters to this python counter .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  add   counters

test:  removes api references from the content of the content .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of all zones as a list .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  endpoint for the api method call .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  with qtwebkit .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  null   qtwebkit
truth:  null   null

test:  return the application cache directory .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  package   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  print the stack trace to stdout .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  usage   function
truth:  dump   a

test:  given a path return the path of the current package or none if there is no data in the given package .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  package   null
truth:  look   null

test:  remove a single container .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parameter_declaration : parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  null   matrices
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  insert a front entry into the number of combinations .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  rank   rank

test:  parse an httpresponse and return the status for a file .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  error   error

test:  create a random string of salt_chars with length chars .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  create   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  add a user to a group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  set   a
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a string in a1 notation to a a1 cell string .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read a cache file .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   a

test:  returns true if this employee is between the given employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the related to the given layer as a theano integer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  clears zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns an download url .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  download   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  iterator over serial items in iterable .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   elements

test:  determine if the specified password is a perf_counter_rawcount revision .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a reservation in the database .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  generate json data from jit graph g .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  indent   generate
truth:  return   data

test:  decorator to revert task_state on sys .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  renders a view .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  print   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  adds a user acl to the group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt a data cipher using the provided cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypt   data
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  sets the gui mode for the current thread .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  change   sets
truth:  tell   null

test:  return tests .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   python

test:  format a execution status information into a single execution structure .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  function   rfc
truth:  null   instance

test:  return a list of all lexer matches .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  combine two images into different hundredths .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  blend   blend

test:  returns a string or an argument .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  if the auto fields of several auto fields .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the rollback rollback" flag .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  execute a single element of python interpreter .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  this is no using deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  log   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates a dict from an http certificate certificate .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  to   pipeline
truth:  builds   a

test:  return all the union of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an object from a date .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   datetime

test:  patch config .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  deletes   use
truth:  patch   patch

test:  get the id for the given token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the connected source platform .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  modify network interface .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the default group of the server cli example: .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  github   execution
truth:  set   set

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the context .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   null
truth:  strip   strip

test:  change signup in user .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  if   attempt
truth:  null   null

test:  get database from database .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   a

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get all suggestions languages .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  get   view
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that do a view view when a space space .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save minions .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  save   a
truth:  null   null

test:  modify keys via complex update .
truth: from url . 
test:  like   call
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer serializer in python 2 .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  get the amount of seconds from a packet .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  containing the openssl-compatible openssl-compatible library names from cluster_id .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   convert
truth:  parse   a

test:  add environment vars to the current environment .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  add   path

test:  list tags of a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   tags
truth:  list   tags

test:  prints the module-level option using deprecated option .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  graphics graphics graphics .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  check   correctness

test:  free swap lines from nt python 2 .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  swap   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns people following user is doctesting or related user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  template   people
truth:  returns   people

test:  count the count of the matrix to configure the typical count .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  null   count
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides rbac on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   zpool
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  return   a
truth:  s   s

test:  get fixed timezone from a fixed device .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if w is a short word .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  null   word

test:  test inverse operator .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  io   form
truth:  test   mne

test:  this is a doctest to be used in the ui .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  null   mne
truth:  called   null

test:  returns l1 norm of l1 and height of tf .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  to   l1
truth:  null   norm

test:  retrieve method name from a method .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  get   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  destroy   group
truth:  marks   volume

test:  return true if path is encrypted by the current user .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a proxy function should have all es names .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  returns   gl
truth:  null   class

test:  create flowgrams file from tarball .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  blocks   null
truth:  build   build

test:  get a database to use as an http category .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  retrieve   version
truth:  look   up

test:  adds pooling pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  print the system command to run .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  start   return
truth:  run   cmd

test:  reads a fileobj file from an hdf5 file .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   returns
truth:  open   a

test:  iterator that removes all collection of the stored plugin from the stored plugin .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts gecos dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a volume .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  unpack the thousand volume .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  check   check

test:  pack object or unicode string into an rfc 2822 readable format .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  return   encode
truth:  pack   pack

test:  fix keyword method types .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  fix   method

test:  return the possible disk disk attached to the corresponding device .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  given   a

test:  converts a function into a separate callable that return a callable .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  is   up
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  generate a parser message from the given response .
truth: convert response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   response

test:  discover candidates with tie coefficients .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  null   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  create a right-stochastic layout from g .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  to   nodes
truth:  create   node

test:  check if cell is parser .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test mininet mininet .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  tries to get the path of an explicit address .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates if the user can overlap between the existing group .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  if   a
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the network is in the network .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  if   networks
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network to parameterize generative model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   network

test:  traverse the model .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  enable   set
truth:  set   set

test:  create event manager from media player .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  get   event
truth:  return   return

test:  install latest environment for a .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   check
truth:  install   a

test:  indicate that a path containing git processes should be ignored .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  get   get

test:  block function .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  null   method
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the collection of the collection should be meta-fields .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  patches a single module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  trailing   module
truth:  null   version

test:  initialize function for all functions in func .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  call   call

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   simple_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  dump an element to a file .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  print   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  create a note that will attachments over the specified formset .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   attachments

test:  check that the consumers value is equal to the consumers operator .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  package   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine of the cosine of the cosine polynomials parameters x: : 1-d array or scalar array .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  determine the ascending subsystem from the points .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  set the authentication configuration variables .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   hosts
truth:  set   a

test:  straight text against text .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  add   syntax

test:  roc score .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  configures data in directory .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  works   update
truth:  set   vispy

test:  convert an amount to a string of bytes .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  convert   djangos
truth:  converts   a

test:  direct_declarator : specifier_qualifier_list lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   certificates
truth:  return   launchd

test:  get the position of the expression .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  draw   sample
truth:  ban   add

test:  validate and return cpu policy constraints .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   access
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the name of a timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get and add an xy intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  assigns virt type or default received .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   preference

test:  gets the user for the given username .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   user

test:  for each read in the file at semicolons and return as needed for read only the third_party .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  to   queue
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove invalid characters from the given string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert a constant .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  convert   convenience
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read in the wire header .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  checks if a given directory is a valid vorbis .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  save the current directory to the destination .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  save   null

test:  return a tuple of best smaller than or equal to type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  null   function
truth:  get   a

test:  identifies the users user .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  blocks   windows
truth:  to   try

test:  encode obj to json string .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  to   json
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  updates the user with the contribution contribution and update members .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  relu relu .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   null

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  list   append
truth:  copy   copy

test:  fix unpin .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  share   remove
truth:  documents   documents

test:  encodes a string in the given byte string into unicode using utf-8 .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  encodes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the line looks at the given code .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pull traffic server in the local node .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  server   grid
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic setattr() for a record .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns the vector whose value is the result of squares matrix .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  read a packet in network .
truth: object factory . 
test:  read   attempt
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the targets from the ansible inventory_file default: /etc/salt/roster .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  return   return

test:  removes a user from the rule .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns an games game .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   scan
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to import .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns a list of services that are available on boot cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  list   chain
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an integer to a chunk of plain text .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  predefined   types
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  return a list of folders configured on the system .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   users

test:  add faces from the face dictionary .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   matrices
truth:  add   vertex

test:  converts obj to valid string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  parse   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a specific suite of all modules in the given package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  import   a
truth:  test   test

test:  check to see if the service is enabled .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  check   return
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the given single certificate from the given store .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates a logger for the app .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a filename that encodes a string .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of files to include in the console .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  computes the mahalanobis distance of squares polynomials .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  escape special characters in js so that it can be used in special characters are stored in a string .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  commits pending app .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  null   a
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resize   histogram
truth:  resizes   null

test:  returns the diagonal view of the main view .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  function   function

test:  get a csr from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  gets   request
truth:  get   a

test:  wait for a stream to return true or false .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  function   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  parse the yaml yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  escape the field to markdown .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  given   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  check 3 values of the input image .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls undefined for an undefined step definition calls another step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the ipv4 address are valid .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deep copy a deannotate element .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  build   a
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert keys and values to new-style dicts .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts arma to polar explicitely .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  test   remove
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if filename is absolute .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets all installed models in a table .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  model   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup the last alarm control panel platform .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  mock   mock

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get the plugins plugins from plugins .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a dictionaries to a list of dictionaries .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  write discovery files to a specified service .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  fetch   request
truth:  write   discovery

test:  returns the hostname for a given object .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  get   null
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decryption task by thread and thread .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   task
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches a album by its id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check that nova or virt retry .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  verifies a user object .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  was   collection
truth:  ask   user

test:  creates the path where the device is being a dependency .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  start a memory" function .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  typed   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a set of all users with the the lowest users .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  creates   users
truth:  create   n

test:  create a controlampservice .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  main function to run fasta sequences and sequences fasta_fp: fasta filepath input_fasta_fp: newick list of fasta filenames .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  function   function
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  test the hmac-sha1 of a python file .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  write   remove
truth:  read   yaml

test:  returns a template string for a template .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove duplicate keys from table table .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  index   call
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo remotes platform .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns true if expr is an expression .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  clears the xmodule model that will be saved in the case .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  modified   register
truth:  null   null

test:  fixture to return a valid template_name .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  bincount result[i] of sequences .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  class decorator used to mark a class when creating a trace when required .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  determine   decorator
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  return true if symlinks is a file for the specified symlinks .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  attempts to remove the request .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  make   send
truth:  handles   a

test:  return a url object for the file url extensions .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  casts a embl object into a list of images .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  define   null
truth:  breaks   up

test:  clear cached rules used for policy checks .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  rules   null
truth:  set   set

test:  converts string or bytes to a native string .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  base64   s
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create an api queue with a configuration .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  use   dispatcher
truth:  access   access

test:  calculate the unique uid .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check intersection of integer disjoint disjoint sets .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  null   exclude
truth:  return   return

test:  test that stdoutaren'tcapturedon works with __all__ cases .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   use
truth:  test   traceback

test:  remove outliers from a function .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  perform the redefined .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  null   null
truth:  change   change

test:  only load this module if the os is available .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  multiply   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects all translations in a given sequence of strings to python2 .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  collect   strip
truth:  return   a

test:  delete an versions from a project .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run the login in a new uninstall .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  set   set

test:  regression test for a crash that caused latex/aastex when instantiated .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  test   null
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  checkout the branch dialogs dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   launch
truth:  launch   launch

test:  return data to a plugin .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  authenticate   null
truth:  send   send

test:  delete media files at path .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates an existing path .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  create   a
truth:  join   join

test:  return alarm details cli example salt myminion boto_elasticache .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get value for value .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  checks that the given column-oriented dependencies are the same .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  writes a redis connection with the redis client .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  test   test

test:  lowers the string value inside a given string .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  filename   text
truth:  align   a

test:  parse the subtracting response into a qts instance .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  select   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  tests that we can do a proxy quality .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  null   test
truth:  if   null

test:  parse the pattern .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  nicely function .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create the admin group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator that checks if a bound method is a bound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  list policies from the specified policies cli example: .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  get the list of all of the configured plugins which have been imported in the specified package .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  rewrite ranges that are placeholder to ranges to the correct document .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  subtract   sample
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  controller to return the current session within the session or current session .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: runscope set jenkins to runscope requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <log+parser+plugin> .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  null   pip
truth:  null   null

test:  run a process .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   a

test:  scale test row using decimal values .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  test   utility
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the exchange response into a parsed response .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   response

test:  return true if the pathname refers to an existing directory .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get and call the system .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  stats   stats

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoding .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  null   up
truth:  lookup   up

test:  context manager to temporarily disable previous patch .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   code
truth:  context   manager

test:  computes standard inverse .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  computes   request
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract the categorical option and return a tuple containing the leftmost object .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get path where the channel angle .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flush the user in dns conf .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  used   null
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  do preprocess .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  preprocess   null
truth:  look   null

test:  decorator to mark a function as serial .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  forces   null

test:  return the representation of the topic that is a topic such that the topic sequence .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  make   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  strips leading and trailing whitespace .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  removes   regexp
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shuts down the system and wait for the signal .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  coerce x to a datetime .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  coerce   converts
truth:  if   null

test:  return the item size for the given type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate lines for text .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  marks a deprecation warning as deprecated .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  determine whether to run a given command .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  return html tidy with minimal settings .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  return   null
truth:  run   html

test:  on success .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  null   success
truth:  if   null

test:  greatest common divisor of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate vertex normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   distance
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initializes the command line argument .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  command   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  update permissions for a user .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  force   tasks
truth:  export   export

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  like check_output .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  count number of nans in a row .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  handle   counts
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all enabled user groups .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  iterates   return
truth:  yield   returner

test:  read the page from the page pdf file .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  read   read

test:  extract and validate multiple inventory .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  use shared or move to gpu .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  ensure   copies
truth:  error   error

test:  center loss .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  null   configures
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that we can freeze the same pip when pip flag .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   pip

test:  process for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a minute password from a string .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the dns hosts for a network .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  update the ca bundle bundle .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  simple shared shared axes .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  to   request
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of cliques cliques of the graph .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check a valid magic number .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper function to look up the server id .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  function   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  find the sample file to match the filename .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  input   input

test:  return the windows redaction policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two files in a file .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  behave   print
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a mock iterator that supports the inputs .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  to   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  shortcut for cdao .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  null   a
truth:  string   string

test:  inject resources into the vocabulary .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  content   utility
truth:  null   inject

test:  takes a string and a ecommerce service mode and shows it with the json mode .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  null   get
truth:  create   a

test:  list all vmware hosts for this specified host cli example: .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  get   a

test:  force injection to force this eggs .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  read   null
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  return the members of a nested group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a new version/file .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  produce status .
truth: produce status . 
test:  null   status
truth:  produce   status

test:  test plotting of source file .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  returns the absolute absolute uri .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   scheme

test:  apply the constraints function .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  apply   multiply
truth:  changes   changes

test:  simple test to test our logs for semicolon-separated .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  removes   test
truth:  logs   logs

test:  set the le script to be used as a venv script .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  tell   null

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  null   names
truth:  domain   names

test:  l2 distance between tensors .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  quantize   a

test:  converts a negative size into a byte size .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  encode   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sends an http request .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the configuration for this configuration .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  receives   null

test:  tests that a few model on a serializable model .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add faces from complex to complex .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   selection
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a list of available backup .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  function   shorthand
truth:  function   function

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check to see if the given locale exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  note: must be installed in the process .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  the http url that the http request was tested or parts of the http request .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  the src/dst .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  patch   patch

test:  ensure that {username auth auth available .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  view   controller
truth:  to   actions

test:  check whether we are running in frozen mode .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a timezone to a unix timezone since the epoch .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a decorator to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  signals   null
truth:  is   null

test:  check if expected wordpress version matches expected version .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  checks   sys
truth:  check   check

test:  get the names of a function command .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  call   get
truth:  null   replacement

test:  when a container is enabled .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   wrapper
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  strips   strips

test:  generates all the events in the given directory and directories for all events in the given directory .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by complex .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  load a document without structure it to a specific restore structure .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  watching   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image 90 degrees degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  like unicode .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  return   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  fit a line to fit strings .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  computes   decorator
truth:  fits   a

test:  make sure every other is in a python formats .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the file is html .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  determines   checks
truth:  null   sequence

test:  takes a tweet .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  normalizes   service
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  display the base64 encoded image .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  build   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get an search series of arguments .
truth: search series . 
test:  get   cache
truth:  search   series

test:  generate the indices at shape of the shape .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  starting   starting

test:  flush the virtual server table cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   null
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  given a filename return true if the source file has a valid source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   find
truth:  given   a

test:  application indication section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  renders the theme based on the current user .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  template   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  a simple view that returns an ogr view with a custom form .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  return   a

test:  when a step definition calls another step definition with a runner .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  step   verbose
truth:  make   null

test:  use this decorator to inject the contents of a function or case if so that the decorated function has been added to a trailing a trailing handler .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all migration belonging to a consistency filters .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  get   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  decode a query string to query parameters .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  null   encoding
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  training   a
truth:  training   training

test:  return true if the current request is a json/ajax lookup .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  takes the xml string and strips the xml character .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  computes the number of bits in a 32bit integer .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  count   count

test:  set the amount of seconds to be rebooted by the given delay .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  segfault dictionaries for xml metadata .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  compile   get
truth:  return   return

test:  generate breadcrumbs page for template getting page .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  display   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  return for in folder size .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  function   extension
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns test path of filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform the old configuration of the ninja .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  targets   targets

test:  returns a list of blocks that potentially completely completely groupby .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  is   sort
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  extracts pprint information about a group .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  access   inject
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  return an iterator over the signature of a stream .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the byte string is a valid ip text .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the number of bytes for a given payload .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  retrieve   arrays
truth:  generate   dict

test:  require the site .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  returns a list of table names that have been marked as a mapping .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a stc from a byte element .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  applying   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete a folder .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  checks if an ironic client is supported .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parse in the rrc822 from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   in
truth:  parse   in

test:  setup the last alarm control panel platform .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  setup   access
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator for deprecated language from a function .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  execute a remote system path path to a given file path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  grep   grep

test:  returns given value with regex values removed .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  skip a test if configurations has at least one or more datasets .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  load   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  generate links from tsv files .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns true when address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  helper function that yields ids of the given model .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  pick   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  process a file by invoking a given file .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  read   remove
truth:  compare   contents

test:  wrapper for pprint .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  return   float
truth:  print   print

test:  return v1 .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  split   calculate
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  return all the folders under the folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a pair into a numpy array .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  time series forecast .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  moving   null
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get the location from the left to end .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check installation of installation .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  verify   interface
truth:  if   check

test:  return the nearest likelihood of a random image .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  if   replaces
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint from the statuspage endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct_declarator : declarator colon declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  warn a floating point description .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  warn   null

test:  view function to mark a spam or question .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  url   record
truth:  mark   a

test:  test that marathon imports can be deployed .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  test   test
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  given a template mapping .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  accept   create
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  returns true if the object is a indirect .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  if   a
truth:  string   string

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  load   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get front width and add the x width .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check different newlines to make sure the parsed newlines are different from the command line and returns just does not read the file in *cmp_version_str* *cmp_version_str* .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   null

test:  validates the given ip .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  if   null

test:  computes the rank of a matrix from a list of vertices .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check that the column of the correlation between the multiple fields .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   behaviour
truth:  null   null

test:  tests that %h:%m does not contain a translation extension .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   plural

test:  extracts the value from the given response and returns a boolean .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  find   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize fp (a to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  purge multi-images and all registered options .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   handle
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return a sorted version of the version .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check if the socket is resolvable .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the cms link to the block for the block .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the project .
truth: release the package . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  release   release

test:  convert a file: path to a file url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check that the environment .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  use   processes
truth:  build   build

test:  run a command and read it as a universal filter .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  run   shortcut
truth:  executes   a

test:  visualise each segment in label_field with its original colors .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns hessian of approx .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  calculate   module
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the given directory has a been set .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   returns

test:  helper function to open the list of shelve .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  open   return
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the modified time zone .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  time   return
truth:  modified   get

test:  true if mac_string is a valid ipv4-address label .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is executable .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the given service with the given name .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  return   a
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  regression test for url .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  to   unicode
truth:  tests   tests

test:  copy an object from one of the given object to another .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  validates the status of a connection .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns the het .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  wait   attempt
truth:  test   test

test:  prints a deprecation warning .
truth: prints a . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  prints   a

test:  kill a process with the current process .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   logo
truth:  kill   kill

test:  converts a function or a path to an get_persistent image .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  produce and useless join between consecutive .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  generate flocker xpaths of an packages .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  yield   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  attempts to choose a package type from a string .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  return   null
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  place   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  collects an api hook from the api .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  null   api
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the pid in the named pid file .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   a
truth:  analyse   a

test:  reads from file without reading the given file path .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  reading   cache
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator to skip a test method requires a method doesnt support panel .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  loads a domain file from a file .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   credentials

test:  get all journal .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  always return root level .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  null   create
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  quotes the url back to their banana characters like contain a larger .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  encode   quotes
truth:  null   null

test:  create temporary directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  null   create
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  given a job id .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  step   reverse
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the date that is referenced from this release .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  decorate a function to be called when an interval is raised .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  calls   calls

test:  shows the user input .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  shows   shows
truth:  null   part

test:  choose a random sample ratio .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  used   a
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the secrets manager instance from the secrets database .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify the correct bug types works .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   type

test:  returns true if a string has lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  if   null
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  decorates a query to perform a query .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  perform   exception
truth:  query   query

test:  returns a roads roads roads points .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  querying   statistics
truth:  find   find

test:  utility function converts a string to one of the etag .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   yank
truth:  test   test

test:  installs one or more packages .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  install   test
truth:  find   find

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  send   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  clears internal uuids for given document .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clears   back
truth:  document   document

test:  loads the sample images from a python source file .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   load
truth:  sample   sample

test:  checks whether translation files provide a translation formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the binary crossentropy between the target and output .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  null   product
truth:  compute   compute

test:  mark a module-level configs as deprecated .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  change   returns
truth:  warn   null

test:  this function creates a url that has been deprecated .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple absolute difference between 0 and vectors .
truth: compute np . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  compute   np

test:  helper method to format a number of source taken from a phone number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  support function to complex frames .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the media player should render its video .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  set   a
truth:  pause   pause

test:  returns the complex part of the expression .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  =   =

test:  computes polynomial sturm by a pair of polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  algorithm   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  removed an xml string in xml .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a >>= b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a reactor mapping .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  copies a file to a remote machine .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete an rds parameter group cli example to delete a queue:: salt myminion db .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  make a figure for the given figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  create   null
truth:  draw   a

test:  get the context for a configuration key .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   a

test:  set security headers .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  null   action
truth:  set   set

test:  add a new servicegroup cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager that changes the jinja jinja warning with a jinja location in a context line .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  context   grpc
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  this function wraps a wsgi config file that iteratively restore via loadapp .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  start   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  get group types by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  returns the currently selected ttl .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  build a web page for use as a manager .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  build   jedi
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  test parsing of mkl files .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   decorator

test:  converts the network associated with a human readable form into an ip address .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  converts   decorator
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns list of files that can be used to compress changed .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve an object into an object .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  replace   resolves
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string according to the locale rules .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  retrieve the stats between a and weights .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  null   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  raise skiptest if backend doesnt exist .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  run   null
truth:  use   use

test:  run command and return its output .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg registration draft challenge challenge and corrects metadata .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   prereg
truth:  finds   null

test:  like from_object but returns a generator that can be the sequence it is the number of elements correctly .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a control file has a server .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  verify   configuration
truth:  check   check

test:  return vmlinux file path .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  add a pathname into a single file .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  filters   return
truth:  name   name

test:  remove one hot action from the hot action .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test saving mri mri .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   histogram
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  get bevel point for a given bevel .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   factory
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to normal ordered expression or fermionic operators .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  rewrite   delete
truth:  write   null

test:  converts a dictionary of strings into a :py:func:~mrjob code string .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  null   in
truth:  format   format

test:  modifies a view function by setting a view variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  value   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  make a command .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  function   prints
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  returns a class from a class .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a pyc object .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  reads   convert
truth:  read   read

test:  look for duck search .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  make   a
truth:  searches   bing

test:  construct a pipeline from a estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  stores function and handle errors in response format .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  display   in
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wait on qutebrowser module .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  run   a
truth:  spawn   a

test:  concatenates an operator .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  truncates   close
truth:  null   null

test:  use entry_points to convert a collection of xmodule xmodule list .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  preface   use
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  identify the first landmark service in gcs .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  builds   map
truth:  uses   uses

test:  copy the cache object to a cache resource by name .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  files   copy
truth:  cache   cache

test:  elementwise hyperbolic function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  defines the inception v3 between list of parameters .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  defines   checking
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   object
truth:  serve   a

test:  setup the server auth certificate in curve .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  to   a
truth:  setup   a

test:  unpack constraints from a column of a given array .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  null   null
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  converts cdao to a native string .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   like
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  get   downloads
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  return model of models from attribute dictionary .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a list of open vswitch command .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  pulls   returns
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return intersecting between and angle angle angle and angle angle between a line through and a angle angle .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  launch the given pid by sending it into the given pid .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name can be parsed back to force season and even if any exception is can be parsed .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters out kwargs for various matching kwargs .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  filters   function
truth:  filter   filter

test:  encode string for inclusion in a chunk of data .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  encode   python
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return module version or none if version cant be retrieved or none .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  return   module
truth:  module   module

test:  set user account .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  context   app
truth:  set   users

test:  ensure that a tree exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  create   a

test:  finds finder files within a feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  testing   uninstalling
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  check if the url is valid .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a random neighbor with samples for crypt() .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  returns a model instance for the specified model .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  called   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve flavor by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  if the user is set .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  require   null
truth:  return   return

test:  push a new document in a bokeh document .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  documents   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   nic
truth:  get   nic

test:  extracts enhance info from given image description .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  parse   multiple
truth:  using   null

test:  create a new function after a function after a function .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a diagonal substitution .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  tests a partition suite of the test suite .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   a
truth:  partitions   a

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the traceback message when the python encoding was generated .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the minimum index of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  remove titles references .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if an lifecycle instance is google .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  add the path intersection indexes from the path .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the row of a matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  used   none
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is removed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  adds the contents of the users incron to the users incron directory cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  create   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  this method will return the static file that will run in the static file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  null   file
truth:  content   content

test:  log request .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write text to a file .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  text   text

test:  sanitize a set of sab .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  parse   x
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches the content at the given url .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  validates whether this function is a valid integer .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  throws   null

test:  make some transformation for a deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get the machines ip addresses :returns: list of ip addresses .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  process   a
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the firewall has been initialized .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  if   wrapper
truth:  if   check

test:  simply print unformatted text to stdout .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  null   like
truth:  print   print

test:  generate the django associated with the given config .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  update   a

test:  a view that displays error messages .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   null
truth:  view   view

test:  extract the first segment of a character that match a pattern .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  if   word
truth:  if   null

test:  create a front .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a policy name and policy name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  wait for the dependency dependency .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  if   null

test:  filter image with gaussian filter .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  null   photo
truth:  compute   structure

test:  tests that the user has access to .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   execution
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  logs a context with the current log definition .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  s   s
truth:  set   set

test:  run a single operation on all configuration in the transaction .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  execute   method
truth:  map   map

test:  create a url from the sas sas process .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  read   file
truth:  extract   info

test:  url url from l{twisted .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  url   url

test:  save list to disk .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  returns a string of fieldset fieldset .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return disk usage if a given path is a system .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   string
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  validate the google error scheme .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a one-filled stream from a stream .
truth: print with color . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  print   print

test:  simple test function .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  checks if we can mock functions with a mock object .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  import   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  helper function .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  truncates   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with negative signs .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  test   test

test:  load a notebook notebook from the given notebook .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  load   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  configure labels on the defined instance .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  replace   sets
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   decimal
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  sends the desired network to the given module .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  build   a
truth:  take   parameters

test:  stochastic updates updates the loss and returns a httpresponse whose args are missing .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a synchronization wrapper function that raises valueerror when no lock is found .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  display carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  escape string .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  escape   escape

test:  allow properly to be updated in a widget .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  to   counts
truth:  link   a

test:  find the edge magnitude using the sobel operator .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  apply all the specified template from a template .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  return   return

test:  print the details of the given nest .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  return   display
truth:  display   ret

test:  wrapper around the xml response .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  s   a
truth:  return   a

test:  runs the bottom tests .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  create   function
truth:  runs   runs

test:  adjust the pattern .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  command   a
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix returns the elementwise product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  calculate the simultaneous log-likelihood of the polynomial of the model .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  computes   *
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the nthhost function .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  create   null
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  on delete of file to delete private file from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the content of the url .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that custom inverse of inverse models can be added to custom inverse when the child of the inverse applied .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  setting   setting

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a metadata metadata class from a file .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  construct the machine header from a clauses header .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  make   null
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a new rank with shape and sub-elements from an array of data .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  construct a new nocopy nocopy nocopy reshape in a back-slash manner .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  remove a protocol from a url .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a context to use from id .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  get   handler
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a package name .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extract   versions
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behavior for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   autoescape
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  returns the checkpoint directory for the given experiment .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   directory

test:  decorator that optionally redirect http response into a given request .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  given   a

test:  creates the sequence of sequence objects from each node in a sequence .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  build   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  print out the same file as closed .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  import   convenience
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to flatten a single organization in input .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flatten   return
truth:  flattens   null

test:  send a message to a channel or channel .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  from github issue #1463 .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  validate a user from a resource .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  convert an s3 key to uri .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  convert   information
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the cumulative loss of a sequence .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  computes   like
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  matches a string for inclusion in a regular expression .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the month number of a month .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  produces   a

test:  returns the declarative base class of a declarative object .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the api time for a given course .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  get   api
truth:  null   api

test:  compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  rank   rank

test:  convert text to integer .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  text   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse a string of the form into a date format .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  indent a string .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  indent   generator
truth:  given   indent

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  clip   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  finds the barcode between several points in order to finds ellipses in o .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  we must show a home updates of a build .
truth: home page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   page

test:  user can login in page .
truth: user can login . 
test:  test   user
truth:  null   user

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  verbose   a
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  get current scale .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert 8bit parts of a 8bit mail message into quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   8bit
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find a user id and group id cli example: .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  to   try

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  shut down event .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  null   create
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  reload docfield .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorator for rruleset methods which need to cache its cache .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  create an openstack secondary table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup tellstick sensors .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  calculates a fletcher checksum .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  produces   request
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  test that samphub can accept a mock folder .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  instantiate a der class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  generate an int representing the declarator where to show .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  see   timestamp
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the default encoding used by file .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   get
truth:  file   file

test:  converts value that may be down to high value .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  remove an iam from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   user

test:  enable enhanced of a stream .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   info
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  assume that if an upstart service is disabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   check

test:  updates a security security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  represent the day .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the xml element by begin and end .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extract all the fields of duplicates .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  list   a
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  helper method for building the users home directory .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of possible matrices .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set the quota or raise if it does not exist or raise if it does not exist or quota .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  make sure the exception stays the env .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   exception
truth:  test   test

test:  create a module instance from a local filesystem .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  removes   email
truth:  unload   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  removes all files below an root tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  send a notification about the given host .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  download   send
truth:  send   a

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  setup client .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  setup   default
truth:  set   up

test:  compile a regular expression using the given strings .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  match the string in the list of all matches the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  return   matching
truth:  to   try

test:  get the list of tags for a given user .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  render   messages
truth:  flags   flags

test:  execute one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and execute the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  run   one

test:  converts a paypal timestamp to a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  translate a dns message into a list of google labels .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop all instances for the given version .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  null   gradient

test:  when a user is created .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  download   signal
truth:  to   null

test:  handler for eliminating repeated parsings of indices .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  handle   calls
truth:  color   channels

test:  load join-trigger .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  determine if the datastore is running on the datastore .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the given interface is router .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  if   return
truth:  based   null

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   a
truth:  collate   a

test:  generate simple pairs of pairs .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  this function model through segments that have been modified in start_time .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  null   edges
truth:  null   segments

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  parses a querystring like querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a batch of targets for the given transport .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a single node .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns the class used to draw a given rendering .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  we only vxlan removal when a local vxlan has been completed .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the firstset info are the same .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  chop off the sequence .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  null   a
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test equivalence between 2 samples to a single altaz altaz url .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  send table table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   refresh
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get a document from a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  func   a
truth:  null   a

test:  munging to turn a method name into a post-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns unicode characters that are the same characters as specified in a string .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  slugify   return
truth:  null   replacement

test:  for use in jsonschema .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  makes   everything

test:  create a 2samples chart using the 2samples .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  null   normalizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns a string that can be formatted for a question .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  instantiate   get
truth:  given   null

test:  ldap ldap controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  null   information
truth:  request   worker

test:  uses update-rc to determine if specified arguments can be used .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  check   attempts
truth:  create   create

test:  authorities imsave - imsave imsave .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  save   null

test:  create a whos instance for bot and execute the autoconfig bot .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  runs a single file .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  sets   updates
truth:  copies   copies

test:  returns a type corresponding to a python type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove a network network_id network_id id of network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   network
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns a string with all html entities .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return the name of the package that owns a given file .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return the type for a given type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert an sudo/administrator response id into galaxy .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  use this factory that ensures that seq2[86] can be one of the spatio-temporal process .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the number of edges according to the barabasialbert g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  samples   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets all virtual interface from a reader .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   process_open_sockets
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  calling calling hostname; methods .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  following   following

test:  parses a translations from a stream that doesnt exist .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a task to the current session .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  update   update

test:  callback for current breadcrumb list of active mon modules .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   null

test:  checks if the user has access to the permission .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  verify that a numpy arrays exist .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  make   null

test:  reset a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  install   info
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should download and not install from pypi .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  poll the contents of a sound to date .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  skip   waits
truth:  null   null

test:  escape & .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  make   test
truth:  null   versions

test:  this function finds the grains .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  return   cpp
truth:  return   nginx

test:  add a prefix to the java location .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  prefix   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a string representing the amount of due to due to the given timestamp .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generates batches of batches of inputs of batches .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   batches

test:  find the ribes .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  features   null
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a dataset .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  fixture to change the 'qute hook .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  to   null
truth:  change   change

test:  execute a bash shell command .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  return the numeric assortativity coefficient .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return information about a certificate in the certificate cli example: .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  start the rabbitmq application .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check this checks scale scale in equivalence of correction or sort replicates .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find image or images for a module .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   images
truth:  find   a

test:  removes a single role for a user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  a decorator to do a handler .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  index   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove a tag from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure the tenant real tenant is absent name the name of the tenant to remove tenant .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  plot a plot with a plot .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  generate   order
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the base name of the fact subtypes .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  weighted   pass
truth:  return   return

test:  assume that if the named service is not disabled then start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   check

test:  use this string to wrap the given string .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  search a physical device and return the list of files in the list .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  weekly weekly downloads .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  executes   weekly
truth:  update   update

test:  normal risch differential equation - normal part of the denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make a call to the size of the inerasable api .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  remove sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns command .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  package   queries
truth:  return   a

test:  addrequest one value of the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  null   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  creates a filename for a filename or a pairs .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  parse   no
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if a token token playlist are invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  test   check
truth:  reject   reject

test:  return information about the package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  package   package
truth:  get   get

test:  locate a ctypes .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  load   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  test that users suggestion can be deleted .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  add   check
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with a given shape .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  draw   in
truth:  null   null

test:  saves the db model to the new db .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  save   a

test:  returns information about fund in the requested dns tld cli example: .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a continuous random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get capabilities capabilities .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  parse   endpoint
truth:  get   cluster

test:  checks that the provided version is a valid version .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  document add to preselected document .
truth: new document form . 
test:  null   add
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specific authentication error handler .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  to   decorator

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  find   parameters

test:  helper function for deleting the trashed .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  create   function
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  build a block diagonal from a arrs model .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  find   bootstrap
truth:  create   a

test:  helper function for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  run   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  test reading raw example of spm .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  test   test

test:  runs the test sdk .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   new
truth:  mix   null

test:  get the translate matrix .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  get   scale
truth:  scale   scale

test:  looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  prints a theme .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  print   statement
truth:  function   function

test:  compute nth derivative of the nnls function .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  return   division
truth:  solve   solve

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  get submodules and return submodules of all submodules information about all submodules .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  automatically assigns local hostnames from the cheeseshop .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  finds   adjust
truth:  builds   a

test:  test whether a polynomial is fully loaded .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve all facts for all facts modules cli example: .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  extend   facter
truth:  run   facter

test:  gets the vat number in a string .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  upload a file .
truth: download a file . 
test:  show   a
truth:  download   a

test:  take a logical volume group by a snapshot .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  perform   utility
truth:  take   a

test:  get the evaluated polygon .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap a numpy array into a numpy array .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  null   errors
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test cross cross 3d product with cross product .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  cross   cross
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int int int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  int   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  add a sparse tensor to a sparse tensor .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test rechunking can convert convert convert unit inputs into slices .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  test   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  squeeze an nxn color to convert expression into a nxn .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  stacks   a
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test that the inverse of the mapping list can be converted to the mapping of the mapping list .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  test   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns minimum spanning in a breadth-first graph .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  returns   edges
truth:  generate   edges

test:  call a function with a deprecation warnings .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd from a pair of gcd .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  null   dot
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  add an indexed triangle fill .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   faces
truth:  add   faces

test:  helper to create a tile of n .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  make   implementation
truth:  creates   a

test:  register a sympifiable function to be executed by printing .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  to   language
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a inttobits .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  return   histogram
truth:  produces   null

test:  back-end method to find all ancestor records for a person entity .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  update   find
truth:  get   get

test:  in-neck pattern .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   baby

test:  generate a dictionary of mappings for the passed device .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  format   multiple

test:  check a list of git requirements .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a json file into a python data structure .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  parse   json
truth:  behave   behave

test:  returns a list of backing file topymodel to a backing file .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  parse   read
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the line of the graph g .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  return   graph
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function to format a warning the standard warning .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return the list of pagination entries .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  null   version
truth:  show   show

test:  kill a subscription within a given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  kill   kill

test:  removes an app from the local name .
truth: in apps . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restores the command line options .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  call   unicode
truth:  restore   restore

test:  create a hadoopcli client .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  create   api
truth:  given   null

test:  yield n successive n from l .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  split   n
truth:  list   list

test:  stochastic function that ignores the des method in list of vertical images .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  like   a
truth:  lay   null

test:  helper function for gradient/jacobian examples .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return unicode name of 8bit string .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  unicode   return
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  extrapolate bearing given features .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  return   bearing

test:  build a color or a nice test .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  build   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a byte-string string .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  encode   decodes
truth:  encode   in

test:  get canonical path .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  null   file
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize the ansible group if it is ansible .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  test   null
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert a list of scopes to a scope string .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  function that returns a list of all the *field field .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this function apart_list a portion of the original function .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  prepare   function
truth:  function   function

test:  make a string from the salt state returned by installer .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  return   data
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  detach the key values associated with a given user or id cli examples: .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  make   null

test:  concatenate a list or sequence .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   element

test:  convert string value to a float of the array .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  class decorator for :func: .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  find hi hi sample value for sample data .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  given   current

test:  return the user that owns a given file or directory of which to return the user follow_symlinks cli example: .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set up the module .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  null   dependencies
truth:  check   check

test:  this method provides a receipt for the pil binary .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  drops   return
truth:  reissues   null

test:  validates that value is a valid integer .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  returns the directory name and whether it is a valid hash .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  looks   null

test:  return samples as file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  write   data
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns a decorator that can be used with admin admin api .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  rest controller to retrieve budget_bundle_kit field from imports .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  function   import
truth:  to   controller

test:  create a new .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  query the system and start in a docker queues cli example: .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   int
truth:  return   return

test:  filter the argument type and does not contain a list/tuple .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  parse   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  populate a comma separated files .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  run a whole bluetooth command .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  show   show

test:  prints an error message of standard normal log .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  debugging   shorthand
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple alias from table .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  prints a response .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  null   view
truth:  send   send

test:  read a pcap file from a file .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   f
truth:  to   function

test:  return a users jwt to use as a django api .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write owner to a file in ascii format .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get the members members for a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  generate a json file containing the supplied file .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  overrides   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" - "agg+" - "raw" "raw" - "agg+" - mode: in a user-specified - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  return   string
truth:  string   string

test:  copy an equivilent id to a file .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns windows data in the form of this file .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  return   read
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  decorator to debounce assign timer to debounce .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  prevents   null

test:  returns string that represents md5 string to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  retrieve   unicode
truth:  get   get

test:  return the string with all tab stripped .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  code   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders an alert link .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  to   version
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  consume the consume url .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  -   comments
truth:  consume   messages

test:  return an instructions for a loop .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   buffer
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  start a new map for all dynamically .
truth: start a new . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  start   a

test:  returns true if filename contains a comma within the file .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fix draw into draw .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  reverse   zip
truth:  draw   null

test:  a decorator to make a view optparse .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  like   decorator
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  solving solving serialization .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  given   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a version string like next url .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  handle   version
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to grab maker .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   api
truth:  return   a

test:  restores a previous counter file .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given function with the given function that returns a pointer .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  return a tuple of tuples .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  emit   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  swap two inputs of fixed-tolerance and private inputs within the same location as the unit function .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  if   in

test:  cast sparse to none .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove ansi escape sequences from the source code .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  return true if g is a biconnected components .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find in the given path or returns the file in path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  search   a
truth:  file   file

test:  parse a requirements in the c{sep} file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its utf-8 full width counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  prints any optional comments .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  get   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  given a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  checks if the dna type is compatible .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate objects for the specified info .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  filter filter that were deleted in a cluster .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  func   return
truth:  include   include

test:  return none if the moref moref .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  return   implementation
truth:  error   error

test:  get a single query of choices that has choices to get the nearest device processor .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  emit   unicode
truth:  select   null

test:  converts a string value to a byte string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  make   a
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves all the users from the network device cli example: .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrive   null
truth:  configured   null

test:  returns a pci requests between based on the flavor alias .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  uses   return
truth:  get   get

test:  start a single committed server .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  start   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies a searchparams to a searchparams query .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   fields

test:  install defaults that are configuration from command .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  check   attributes
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enable the zipextimporter event loop by moving a moving event .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  enable   buttons
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns the pro sum of a sequence .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  solve   cache
truth:  null   values

test:  checks if the current system is bsd .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  helper function for writing to download infile in a campaign .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  open   log
truth:  stripping   null

test:  adapt a py_buffer-providing blob from object .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  format   null
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create the contract creation exceptions .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  return   create
truth:  add   a

test:  skip a test method this test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  extract the response data from the jsonutils api .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  get   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  set the output of a file .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  replace   enable
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dummy view that instantiates user auth user .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  find   find

test:  adds two values to the kth string .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  return   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  specifies the temporary dataset .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  download   script
truth:  runs   runs

test:  ensure that the threading limit overrides are created by ip .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  sync   test
truth:  test   test

test:  import a dotted module path and get the attribute/class designated by the dotted designated designated from the dotted commandline .
truth: source: django . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   django

test:  test sets up a stubs .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a list of columns according to the order .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  takes   sort
truth:  format   items

test:  simple class decorator .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  regression test for bug fixed in 8625e03 .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  test   github
truth:  warning   warning

test:  returns true if instanceactionapi is a fits file .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute a polynomial of the first kind of a polynomial integer p .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  reads the edges between node1 and node2 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  text   compare
truth:  null   null

test:  create a random communities sequence of community degree sequence .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a ordereddict dict .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  searches for a list of all available or dirs .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  query   wrapper
truth:  use   database

test:  reset an index to a pandas room .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  deletes   keys
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  if a dummy variable uses a page .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  return   test
truth:  collect   null

test:  this function can be used by the ccx required by the ccx helper .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write data to the local file .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  null   get
truth:  write   null

test:  if user tries to registered automatically registered .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  twitter   check
truth:  view   view

test:  removes the file reference from the file system .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  whitespace   delete
truth:  output   output

test:  zigzag shows .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  find   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  serialize the given element to a string .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  make a web resource class .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes the expected cost of a multivariate distribution by applying a weighted case of time series to their parameters .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper to create a variable initialized with a helper helper to another variable .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   a

test:  get the last existing window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a sensor .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a content-type like <ctrl-x> header .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   create
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  fetch an archive from a file .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  fetch   checks
truth:  download   download

test:  get the source object for the unix object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  if   check

test:  build a closure for api .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  complete   a
truth:  null   webhook

test:  receives the input given by the user from gen_payload .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  test that exif from spans .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   span

test:  accepts a batch of the given service .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  this function will build the uuid and extract any time that were timings from timings .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  stores   items
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  used to get parameters from http mapping file .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  split   split

test:  return true if func is a function .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  func   func

test:  parses the page from a page .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  detects   null

test:  computes a filter that exporting a case .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize devices with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   null
truth:  initalize   null

test:  create a new root project .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  instantiate   verifies
truth:  create   a

test:  bins data from (0 to binom .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fit one or more model files .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  fit   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  determines whether the given name is a trailing reserved name .
truth: for example . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the string for a release .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  simple logistic helper function to logistic constructor .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  note   note

test:  converts a camelcase string to its inline equivalent .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  check that "page" .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  run   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sends and sends a serially status .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  to   a
truth:  list   list

test:  unpack unicode data .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  to   waits
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to guess an interface type .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  computes the generalized quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  cutoff sigmoid sigmoid in x .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  calling   tanh
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  save a file to disk .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  write   update
truth:  update   a

test:  convert data to a chunk of bytes .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  query runtime-editable runtime-editable syntax .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  cancel all alerts that should run in browser .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  launch   append
truth:  null   null

test:  add a profile menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  disable metrics from aws .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   info
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  fast fastq to truncate conversion .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  force an instance to be a value .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  return   attributes
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check that all dependencies have been updated with a given name .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   print
truth:  check   check

test:  get triangle mesh from derivation .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   triangle
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns the indices of the indices in the iterables list .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create term node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return an event object suitable for the named event .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the network time zone .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  export   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a string of a cloud store store available at a given storage .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   function

test:  download a script file .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  helper function to fetches all the next exploration ids .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the relayiplist data from salt .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  write the entire file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  write   a

test:  get a single releases object from a group .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  release   a
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  null   escape
truth:  computes   sin

test:  detach an existing virtual machine .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   images
truth:  generate   one

test:  returns a list of the national positive warning .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  called   redirects
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a generator of test for writing in setup setup .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  iterate   file
truth:  yield   path

test:  create a test method for a unittest module .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  ensures   checks
truth:  process   process

test:  links to a document .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  link   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   service
truth:  fix   service

test:  return true if the object has a previous for the given context .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  return   return
truth:  figure   figure

test:  resets the technique time for a technique specified by technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  cancel   null
truth:  query   query

test:  return the contents of an interface script cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns true if a string is a string .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  turn on logging and add a logging buffer to the buffer .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  logging   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute frechet spline of a non-negative kronform matrix .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a string without tags .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the hash used in the current environment .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  to   name
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  helper function for simulating xenapi plugin responses .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  input   append
truth:  return   a

test:  extract dhcp configuration from querystring string .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  to   like
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a signed message body .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  determine   create
truth:  returns   a

test:  enables randomization of context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  return the position of the entire gridsize function .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns task output file .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  export   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return true if fname contains a bad file .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  return   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp option with vpc vpc id or vpc vpc vpc id lookup .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  associate   create
truth:  test   test

test:  create the verifier to use when creating a verifier .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  default package warnings .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  package   package

test:  update a table metadata .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  capa template with given context .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  null   return
truth:  template   template

test:  fixture that ensures a temporary dataset is created as a dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  memo each recurrence base of a sequence .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  separate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return list of active mounts mounts cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the mysensors service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  get   section
truth:  get   get

test:  mostly for views that are not part of the current project .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  add   things

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  list   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  like check_output .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a mock scenario and validator constraints .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   request
truth:  creates   a

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc convert a string to a bytes object .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  null   gcd
truth:  to   try

test:  pretty-print an object to a aws_access_key_id: object .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  computes   print
truth:  format   a

test:  notify usage usage for an already period .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  solve   usage
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   greyscale
truth:  return   return

test:  redirect stderr to stderr .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   stderr
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data interpolation .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  reset the template and loading any of the template .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  build a project by identifying it in the file .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  open   path
truth:  return   a

test:  button the motion api .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  handles   encodes
truth:  process   process

test:  get a service group .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a cache key from a request .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  make   a
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the metric of the graph .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  af_inet4 any of a pages pages should also cause a message from multiple fields .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  return   return

test:  sends sends arrowvisual provisioner .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  look   null
truth:  create   create

test:  locate a file from a url .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  build   null
truth:  locate   a

test:  returns vertices of n length in parity order of syndrome .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  measures   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  performs   request
truth:  return   return

test:  create an tags .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   new

test:  access a message if a stream has been access .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a health record for a given monitor .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if content is a fill default .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  return   close
truth:  set   set

test:  documents the resource action .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add intersections of the x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  create an np on the local file .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  report   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  fixture providing an topicsread topicsread .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  returns   m
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given source .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  split 9999 to remote server .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  connect   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  helper function to translate the exception on the exception .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  translates   null

test:  get pci devices by node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  opens a python source file using the given name .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  sets the level of the request .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  imports a dotted-path module name .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  given   a
truth:  module   module

test:  network either publishes and drags the deviation of network .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  create   a
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require the tutorial in english .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return action by action .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the windows api window handle previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a 1b 1b .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  sends a topic to a topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  try   null
truth:  read   messages

test:  returns none or none if no command matches the default url fields .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test a linear linear linear test for linearity this is mostly a wrapper function .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  compute a hash of the given text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  create   create

test:  converts value to an integer .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert the ground units in seconds to a dictionary .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  convert   collection
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  convert a full path to a dotted path .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  null   path
truth:  extract   null

test:  wrap a function to prevent replication args: *func* : the replication function in the software replication lists .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  assert that the given header contains no server .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  perform integer modulo o .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  use   integer
truth:  use   use

test:  update sqlite3 operation .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  endpoint   add
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ unattached .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  compiles a raw source code .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  imports the driver config file for a specific object .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   student
truth:  import   a

test:  print a list of all the directories .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  mapping containing intersections of g .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  index   home
truth:  find   find

test:  create new panel panel .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  creates   password
truth:  add   column

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  prepend   a

test:  q from dlmf 5 .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all files in the provided directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction where the image and mask are less than the same .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return the contents of a file as a byte string .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   path

test:  return a string representing a isoz time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  detect whether the node is an alias node .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  backend   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  calculates the square .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  constructs   request
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the russellrao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  in-neck pattern .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pattern

test:  decorator that returns true if the function is a classic task and is a classic .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  create a job of eggs eggs .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  executes   create
truth:  starts   a

test:  generate daily table for actual table .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  start   plot
truth:  display   a

test:  execute the module on all the os .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns program path or none .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  group psea .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  convert   sequence
truth:  translate   translate

test:  decodes the encoded jpeg string into a jpeg file .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  returns the value represented by label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  extract   audit_event_log_dir
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the list of all available languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  check if we have up to do geoserver .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  if   processing
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  convert the value into an integer or default .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  value   value
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  waits for the assertion to be handled by a process to become long .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  calls   calls

test:  helper function to remove a ccx from an existing ccx .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  context   context

test:  imports the json python module or scope functions .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  load   a
truth:  to   try

test:  verify that value is a valid categorical categorical missing categorical .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  verify   assert
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retry the call until it returns true or the timeout .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  retry   decorator
truth:  creates   a

test:  stop eventlet .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  train a query .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  run   sql
truth:  null   information

test:  return text .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  to   null
truth:  noop   noop

test:  determine if the specified service is available on boot cli example: .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  convert   in
truth:  return   a

test:  return a set of service names from the installed service .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  list the unrar .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  needed   list
truth:  uses   rar

test:  check if the first entry is valid .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  split left into two sub arrays .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  perform   merge
truth:  takes   null

test:  loads the theme plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   plugins

test:  divide l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  normalize   return
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  make the authentication at the given revision .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a string indicating that a python version name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fixture to return a temporary environment .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether the possible code is leading by this region .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  check   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the offset at the bottom of the input values .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  offset   offset

test:  returns url without the file .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  function   function

test:  cwd cwd between strings .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the number of the overlap table .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete indices .
truth: close indices . 
test:  indices   indices
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates the standard error between the mean of the values .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates the user account with the email address and password provided .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test multi interpolation .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to check for the given pattern .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  toggle event manager from media player object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  null   event
truth:  get   get

test:  get the temperature in degrees celsius from color .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  reboot a machine by name cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  mark a function or method as emitting a class .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test that the figure is large enough .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  creating   test

test:  close a source file if it is a /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/ .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  get the string which cause a character and add it to the given character .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if poles is available .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  clear   assert
truth:  check   check

test:  check a message extractors .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user member member .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  requires   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  delete tomcat .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  create a remote repo .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  push   push

test:  test that file can be automatically make sure the file is set .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the number of expr in mixed str/repr form i .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  expr   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes a chops chops .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  to   value
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads extra model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  move to inverse .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function for returning a list of items or model class .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data parameters data : str the numpy array or dataset .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set up the runner to the specified scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  enable   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  generate a list of tuples of test combos .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   apply
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns a string tuple of the graph g .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery from page .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  command   returns
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  verify that the given ip address is actually a unicode string .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  clean the ipdb hook to be checked by the model .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  run   check
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a list of changed packages found in the package .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  package   a
truth:  get   a

test:  disable paging of the output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   wrapper
truth:  disable   null

test:  get a list of sample languages for all items in an sample .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get head head head url .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   request
truth:  account   account

test:  test that ratios .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  return the name of the activation function by name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   activation

test:  parses a mapping file into a dict .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  make sure the crash flag was set to something .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  sleep   null
truth:  do   null

test:  load collectors from all datasets in the given module .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise inequality between tensors and y .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   equality
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond5 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  get all node namespaces on node parent of a node .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  pass me an object as html .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  like   pass
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  group add view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  records   add
truth:  add   add

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  indices   indices
truth:  null   deviation

test:  when a entry_points entry_points bridge .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  attribute   up
truth:  create   a

test:  disconnect all cgroups .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  print   print
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  context   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  build the arguments from the user .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  build   create
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  return a random color colour .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   numeric

test:  extract the portion of a 2-tuple of a 2-tuple .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  skip   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns repost .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  call   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update the updates where some updates are not in the database .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  null   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the compiler component of a compiler .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  creates   add
truth:  returns   a

test:  equality_expression : equality_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   equality_expression
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  returns the users package name .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  takes   checks
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  enable standard output .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  print   print
truth:  enable   console

test:  get the gif api key .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  implements   authentication
truth:  returns   dict

test:  interpolate a buffer to do a oozie pem .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  null   a

test:  execute queries against postgres .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  returns a bytestring version of the string .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a relationship for the specified user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  get   relationship

test:  return the lower bound to the lower bound bound for the state .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  produce and useless computation between consecutive .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  join   join

test:  custom page fields for a given form .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  encoding   sql
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test that different numpy arrays arrays work .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  check   unicode
truth:  creating   test

test:  call this with a timeout of options that removes any options in the output .
truth: check if options . 
test:  ignore   expressions
truth:  if   check

test:  execute commands in shell .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  command   apply
truth:  execute   null

test:  mainline function for cleaning up the configuration .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  array   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  parses and returns html string from a string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  computes the l1 euclidean distances between samples in x and y .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  runs pending scheduler .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  get   null
truth:  run   run

test:  rois on the image and rois within that project .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  color   compute
truth:  project   image

test:  return the geometry in the current host .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return the install executable .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  install determined options .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   install
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  creates a new server adapter with the server types .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  get user by user_id .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  null   randomly
truth:  do   randomly

test:  returns true if the given version is a beta .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string of the form into a time string .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  helper function to plot a background merge .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  evoked   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check for cinder docstring start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the url of a thumbnail .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   return

test:  lists the default scalar norm .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  parses fully tracked fully string .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse user tags and get the actual actual tags .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return the matrix to preconditioner .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  returns   real
truth:  compute   compute

test:  prompts for a buffer .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  required   init
truth:  set   up

test:  convert timestamp to a json timestamp .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   null
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is changed .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  class decorator for creating app v2 .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  function   return
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  returns a lock on a ensure that has more than one .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  write   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  converts a string to a /usr/share/doc/ format .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  float   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  variant of unicode string in python 2 .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns true if g is independent .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  imports a class by its name .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  load   a
truth:  module   module

test:  convert items into a list of tuples .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  abbreviate   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  computes a random jitter with xs .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote -> character return a character in a string .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the enumerator .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  test that uniform defined in the uniform activation function works as uniform .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  makes a color from the database generation of all commands .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  update all review reviews for a process .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  is   restore
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a utc time string to a unix timestamp .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  translate   return
truth:  convert   http

test:  rest controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  return the image size of an image .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  run   view
truth:  return   return

test:  add a mock request to the specified url .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets all fixed ips from a virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change email address .
truth: change users email . 
test:  allow   delete
truth:  change   users

test:  push a bit onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   variant
truth:  test   test

test:  messaging delete page .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns the expected value for a single user preference .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  endpoint through the game log .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   view
truth:  use   use

test:  fetches a list of all configured ports for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  updates to steps: when a request is created .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  updates   exception
truth:  logs   logs

test:  enable the service on the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  turns   enable
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  turn a url into an equal url .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  basic gradient of a running basic loss from a string .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  create a new event session .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  create   function
truth:  creates   session

test:  adds indentation to the docstring in docstring .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  create   utility
truth:  entries   entries

test:  this function returns a list of keys of the supplied keys .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   multiple
truth:  get   one

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  get the terminal size of a set of integer columns .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate module for a for-loop instance .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  poll a test cgroups .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  make   waits
truth:  resize   a

test:  return a list of all the users in the specified environment .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  generate an individual groups for more than objs separated url .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  domain   relationship
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns a sizer for an decoder field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   encoder

test:  return the file path without the extension .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  append debugging playlist from remote forms .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   drop
truth:  log   log

test:  permutes axes in a tensor .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  make   x
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  vertical reconstruction on an edge should be zero .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  accept keys based on a glob match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  pull   keys
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decrypt a data cipher using the provided key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  decrypt   null
truth:  given   null

test:  utf-8 utf-8 encoding to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  like   encoding
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  generates list of available files in the given file .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  is   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  return data to a pg server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  tests translator comments are stored and standard table .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   file
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize a container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  initialize   fixture
truth:  create   create

test:  returns: absolute paths of two directories .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  a view to write some updates attachments in the given revision .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  venonats female sprite -- same as non-shiny .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set debconf to debconf ports cli example: .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   button
truth:  set   system

test:  uk - list .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  template   -
truth:  -   -

test:  return a string of the job id .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate an approximate weighted triples .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unquote keys in a dictionary .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  restores   null

test:  get a window that can be used for an application .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   get

test:  run in the test suite .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test the helper function .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  check if the value is set to something .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute subcorr subcorr .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  an simple helper to simple 2-d square tensor .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  this decorates decorates a compiler to generate a compiler without the default statement .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  append   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the root root directory .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  read a dictionary .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   column
truth:  read   a

test:  strip irc characters from string .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  strips   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  setup parts of interfaces to allow specific roles to be associated with any of the given roles .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  register   a
truth:  if   null

test:  validate gettext in the gettext .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a pmf object with all related models for all related models in the given app .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add the manifest for the latest extension .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  post   version
truth:  update   extension

test:  return an event message from a mattermost channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   event
truth:  send   send

test:  *individual* *individual* .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return the opts dict for the state of the master .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if named file may contain media .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the current versions of the user-agent .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator over the cumulative sum of n elements in list .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add an interval to the number of interval .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  to   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the development user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   truncate
truth:  require   a

test:  return the memory used to gather the non-legacy list of memory .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  time   sample
truth:  sample   rss

test:  tests that the suggestion can be raised .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  register a class as a new target: default type .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  add pillar pillar by loops which may be concave top top top top top top top top by pillar .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   pillar
truth:  add   pillar

test:  returns true if the address is a throttled .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   null

test:  list osd by an osd cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  partitions   a
truth:  list   list

test:  ensures that value is positive integer in the range [0 .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given the necessary entry .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  func   breadcrumbs
truth:  null   null

test:  get the list of network interface available on the system .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the blocks of a quota command .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  oozebane   null
truth:  block   block

test:  compute weighted objective objective function .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  algorithm   encodings
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  text   rows
truth:  text   text

test:  check if ini support is anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  do   check
truth:  if   check

test:  create an instance of the application credentials from configuration .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  gets   config
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  return boot boot time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a queue exists cli example salt myminion salt myminion queue .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  this is a pickleable method to apply to the default gui .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  remove   version
truth:  clear   null

test:  list tasks .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   entry
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  returns the url string for the given url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the specified host .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   md5
truth:  compute   md5

test:  check that something expressed in the icrs are properly payload .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  null   caches
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if a socket object cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  decorated   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  checks the homogeneity name and homogeneity are the results in the correct type .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute nodes in training using the training layer .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  install   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a format string using the current format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  requested   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a look at the python file .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case statements in a switch come out at parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates a temporary temporary file object .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  generates   context
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  import a module .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  like   like

test:  complete openid request .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  complete   openid

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  construct a code to handle money in a currency currency .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  patch crypto module .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  map   upgrades
truth:  patches   patches

test:  produce the hierarchical tree for a numpy ndarray .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  pick   a
truth:  drops   drops

test:  check the footer of the object magic bytes .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the version of the current default version .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml element .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  supplied   xml
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  insert text into a cursor .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  insert   delete
truth:  to   helper

test:  check if the given word contain any of the given word .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  convert string to hex escape sequences .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  s   a
truth:  return   complement

test:  returns an iterable with the given iterable of pimap .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the result of an object by name .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  get   deserialize
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  output command .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  command   a
truth:  help   help

test:  decorator that adds application wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  use   decorator
truth:  turns   a

test:  create a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a new asyncio loop .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if mongo is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  repack two dicts .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  handle signup of user to log in configuration .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  to   changes
truth:  null   handler

test:  reverse the given permissions .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  returns the stream factory that is used as a bytestring .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  check the registered sanity check for the given file .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  if   check

test:  generate an identity for use in the rest api .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  return   null
truth:  view   view

test:  gets the row and parse the model from a parsed row .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get boot options from requested command .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  returns   networks
truth:  get   current

test:  return an iterator over iterator .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find the path to an sql repo .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  configure control .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  check   check

test:  create a application and return the application .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  create   create
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  look up the count on last line .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over all progress widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  certificate   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  generate unique uuid .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  put   put

test:  clean the assets from the assets of hypothesis .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  delete   check
truth:  built   remove

test:  get the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the plex sensor .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  make sure no adding a adding exception .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  determines whether obj is a pair of objects .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   null

test:  individual insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  insert   insert

test:  make sure the input is validation .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  check   assert
truth:  null   null

test:  return the list of "name" found in this list .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  default   a
truth:  return   a

test:  condense floating points .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  null   preface
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export a json file .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   doclist

test:  returns a module list to use in tornados mode .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  download all workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  download   attributes
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  create an image instance for use in configuring calls .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update the configuration in a configuration file .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  null   collection
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  null   logger
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  fetch all the entries .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  get   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  declares that the flag of the key .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  declares   a

test:  test reading an open tab at the docs .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  load   test
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   metadata
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the spherical vector3 unit by degrees .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr operator .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  collect virtualbox statistics of a bucket .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a stream is a valid format for being a stream identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  parse the converter from the entity id into a javascript object .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  test starting a process .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  ensure   commands
truth:  test   test

test:  compute fixed length for a fixed model .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  computes   fill
truth:  returns   a

test:  get descendant variables of input .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  get   parent

test:  display the decide users openid endpoint .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  index   downloads
truth:  render   a

test:  get the file timestamp .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make an absolute frame with a gettext frame .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  remove a package lock .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  specified   remove

test:  create an manage manage manage for a project .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  project   management

test:  return the base64 dir for the provided application .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filters all model objects in the list that are not a subset of api objects .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  returns the message messages that a post file .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  merges two dicts .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  manage ip list for smtp connections .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  launch   get
truth:  ip   ip

test:  verify that the new-style class name works properly .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  instantiate a subtask and restore it as a tuple .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  update   null
truth:  store   store

test:  return a list of queues in all visible redis redis .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  landing page for support .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  render   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enables a function from the http error handler .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  null   methods
truth:  stop   stop

test:  get a list of columns in the given dictionary .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  find   null
truth:  locate   column

test:  return url for a wiki wiki page .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  create   a

test:  private helper to get the log transform from an otu table .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  returns   log10

test:  get the makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test logarithmic interpolation with a bad interpolation .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  logarithmic   logarithmic
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  rebroadcast(host_from_gpu(x)) -> host_from_gpu(rebroadcast(x)) .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  use of progress wheel to get the latest wheel .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  instructs   return
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  null   load
truth:  make   null

test:  generate a pdf pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  see   tests
truth:  generate   a

test:  register language scheme .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  register   create
truth:  given   a

test:  return if a project is currently create or if a project is available .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   return

test:  return detailed information about the vms .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  list   vm
truth:  return   return

test:  get the plural adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  package   generic
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return any wigner length of the wigner in any way .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  null   connect
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  decorator for getting a wants to receive a wants or redirects .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the fact name for a fact .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the comment from the "approve .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the base tree of the coverage .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a connection to the request .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove virtualbox additions additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   configure
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  test if a file exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  only allow users to access this user from the sysadmin .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  null   increment
truth:  ignore   null

test:  get the dot product of a dot by the viewer .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  show   show

test:  calculate the approx of a and its paired .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find the platform specified in the current interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   find
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return the norm of an array at x .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  indices   x
truth:  null   <

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  null   -
truth:  null   parameters

test:  always return metric .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  null   metric
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the model has multiple primary primary primary .
truth: return true . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  looks through the vm .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  return   find
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing scripts .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  convert a dictionary of name into an empty index .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the correlation of the correlation matrix .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   status
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  null   saved_file
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  checks whether two values are equal .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns the id of the user .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a list of all historical data in a parse data .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if the request is running on this request .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove wtforms makepatch patch from dictionary .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  function   in
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a x domain to a plotting domain .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  convert   checking
truth:  map   y

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  return true if there is a etag that match the given target .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  get   use
truth:  test   test

test:  safely decodes a string to utf-8 encoded format .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  to   string
truth:  make   null

test:  level 4: require a django handler .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   level

test:  return timestamp for a tasks .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  take   a
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form fields from bound bound to bound .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  bound   bound
truth:  bound   bound

test:  response decorator .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  time a time without changing it .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  create a slice html string from a tree .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  eval() --help updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  install   null
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set the users preferred time zone .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  filters out the dicts that are running on the given tag .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  null   check
truth:  filter   filter

test:  returns whether the reuse_db flag was passed .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification event .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  passes   notification
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transform individual index definition to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  displays the template engine for the given params and appends the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  function   null
truth:  outputs   a

test:  insert a new node into the tree at the given path .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   back
truth:  insert   insert

test:  rescore problem for all students in a particular problem .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  create   problem
truth:  null   a

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   behavior

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return true if an object is a fully method name .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  shard dask dataframe by divisions .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  dataframe   enable
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load a file from a file .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  return the template directory for this template .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  return   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  try to determine if the value matches the secrets location or is a plural variable .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  to   prompt

test:  send an sms client .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  command   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  return the florentine graph .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the matrix elementwise of two matrices .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  fake   matrix
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   find

test:  a decorator that adds a function to dictionary of positional arguments .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  converts a list of custom arguments into a string .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  takes   assert
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pickle a module name to pickle a module .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  create matching objects from the rules .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  given   create
truth:  walk   null

test:  this function returns the maximum of the given whitespace .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  find   expand
truth:  list   list

test:  return an positive-definite family .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  preferred   dict
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  recursive method to update the property in the property .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   property

test:  delete a security group cli example to a group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the username for the named user .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  return   grain
truth:  get   get

test:  provides the specified bank .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  format   null
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize oversample by taking a model at an ar(p) confidence .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the placeholder cache dictionary .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates rst to rst .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   app
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a range of one instance in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read in the json handler from the given url .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  if   a
truth:  make   a

test:  retain a reference to a media player player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  ensures that a intent is valid .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  sends an email to your notification .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  return true if level level is allowed .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  to   replacement
truth:  convert   level

test:  returns the roots of a and backing .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  leading   function
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  calculate expected frequencies of a multivariate distribution parameters distfn : distribution instance of the parameters of time series or array_like .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  tests   compute
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  admin view that displays settings .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   endpoint
truth:  view   view

test:  return the lowest of x is of x or x by y when one or both of x and y is a lineartransform instance parameters x : timing a matrix
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file exists and is a chrdev device .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return the file path without the test and case of a pathname .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for above changes based on configuration changes .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  plot the harris image of a mapping .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plots   corners

test:  takes a size string and returns a size as a human-readable string .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  takes   format
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  return absolute path name for python 2 .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  s   a
truth:  append   append

test:  returns stock stock based on stock stock .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set all resources for track .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  set   networks
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a generatedcertificate instance of the form .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop a list of inversions .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  setup the available co2 sensors .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: text execute a finder build utility .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return an iterator over a range of memory .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  null   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets list of users with user_ids user_ids .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  delete   string
truth:  is   result

test:  reads in the local pids file .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  all possible pairs of a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  separate   null
truth:  pair   pair

test:  check a tuple for a dummyrequest .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  check   create
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test sensitivity and specificity behave with binary values .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  sort string columns that it represents strings .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return dictionary of keys and values of dictionary .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  checks if the given absolute path is a leading block .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  null   page
truth:  import   import

test:  unpack a septets sequence into one .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  unpacks   unpack
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek one unit .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the tanh inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the redis options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  remove the english status from the text .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   colour

test:  generate all the data directories in a given directory .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  source   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrap where/having constraints to the class .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  decorates   column

test:  determines whether the specified proxy is proxy .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  to   everything
truth:  return   return

test:  render a formset given a formset .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  return   get
truth:  render   formset

test:  create a new service .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  a html copy of a given project .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  implements   test
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install the remote config file using remote api .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   create
truth:  install   install

test:  local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  sets a cookie that sets the value of the application .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sets   a

test:  decorator that ensures only the first item in the next list .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  parses a resource from a collection .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  parse   openssl
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reduce   a

test:  reads and returns an empty cache file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  return   return

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   vm

test:  display all review requests belonging to a user .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  internal method to topologically the previous color .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  called on the finish global package .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  used   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a tuple of the value from the javascript string .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  point   a
truth:  return   a

test:  writes the object to the file in cache .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  if   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  validates an extension extension .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a relationship from a byte string .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns true if the response is upgrade .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  match   match

test:  infer a class from a method of methods .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  enables   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  generate weights from a model .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  function   print
truth:  show   show

test:  associate django with db .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  this state is called to get the current thread .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  recursively convert an array of data strings to a svm svm .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   sort
truth:  convert   a

test:  write a file or directory cli example: .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  this decorator calls a method to passive a handler on a thread .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validates that the model passed in has a configuration that is supported by the models .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  to   validates
truth:  check   check

test:  change the stroke point to use for a service .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  ignore the case of without doing anything .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  display   null
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  run a shell tag .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  helper function to fail the pylint .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if google download apps .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  start   database
truth:  sets   sets

test:  updates the profile picture for a single user .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  implement item in theano .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  locate   elementwise
truth:  select   elements

test:  a demonstration showing how to read a file in a string format .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  plot   notification
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  convert an encoder to a string .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  tests changed languages since last sync .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  help   a
truth:  null   languages

test:  a tuple with a itemgetter followed by a itemgetter .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  returns true if a task hook has hooks .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  get current import import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   current
truth:  obtain   current

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  set   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate wrapper shell script for the script .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  concatenate a sequence of pairs .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  vectorized function of the rosen function .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  null   pillar
truth:  null   null

test:  get a default locale name .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  return   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a dictionary and tries to load the raw parser .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  transforms   rank
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mark a test as an reconstructor failure .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  decorate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  write markdown libraries to the supplied libraries .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  drop stats from arrays using the specified log stats .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  drops   drop
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  interface for getting packages from prefixes .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  prefix   prefix
truth:  command   command

test:  outline substitution should handle time .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  list   notification
truth:  test   test

test:  return the name of the api .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  apply a list of topics to each input object .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  make   a
truth:  function   function

test:  load tm from a file .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   tm

test:  return the repository reference where a given repository already exists .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  resolve   null

test:  get the ip name of the network adapter .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  computes a basedir dict to make the trace vector .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  calculate   info
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test that selectionchanged does not exist .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  cast the string argument to true .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  requests   check
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new versions of quay .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  make   string
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  display information about the locate database cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   info
truth:  get   current

test:  convert a string to a tokentype node .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  convert   s
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper function to get unique :func:authenticated :func:authenticated when work .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  it computes the score function for both heldout and builds .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  using   contrast
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a new feed for a campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  content   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the head part of a path .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all the decoders paths .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  find   find

test:  default function used as a rendered template .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  render   a
truth:  mimics   django

test:  return true if potential is ssl .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the credentials is admin on target .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  context   context
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the spherical tensor containing a given layer .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  null   show
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a private key from the hosts file .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a list of versions for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  items by type .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the image onto the specified size and size .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  test   gaussian
truth:  to   null

test:  find all gating milestones for a given course_key .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  given   update
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait to see select output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  execute deb to bootstrap windows .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  render   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  save the warnings to matplotlib rc params .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  using the server .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  command   no
truth:  null   entry

test:  launch a review branch dialogs .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  launch   launch
truth:  diff   diff

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into an iterable of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the environment for the current process .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  dummy function for creating a cycle .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  if   check
truth:  walk   null

test:  insert the new logs .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  null   scroll
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the cpu region of a task .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  null   everything
truth:  function   function

test:  like shape .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  create   function
truth:  function   function

test:  a ) helper function that strips n .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  ensure that a snapshot snapshot is absent .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   reverse
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  document distributions to be used .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  is   a
truth:  value   value

test:  calculate the image points that has the given new image points .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  get   test
truth:  calculates   null

test:  checks that the current unit changes has been modified .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a simple list of tablename objects to be used in the tables .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  return   list
truth:  generates   a

test:  get inradius of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   minimum

test:  create a new entry id .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse a string from a token into a tree .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get a cluster that matches the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   instance
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   tree

test:  check that the list is before the *seq* of the respective list .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  deletes   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sanity check for escaping special characters .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   create
truth:  input   input

test:  convert two consecutive image to a single example sequence .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  delete an object .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   usage
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   envisalink
truth:  perform   null

test:  add flavor access to flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  given   flavor
truth:  given   add

test:  decorate a thread to be the thread .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns the default login cache resources .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a localised number used in bytes .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  get i-th metric from four fraction .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  get   indices
truth:  find   minimum

test:  get a scaling policy .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  return   return

test:  parse an s3 uri uri into a more uri .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  map a python relation type to a string .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  map   helper
truth:  map   relation

test:  convert unix ticks into a timestamp instance .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  convert   unix
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  returns the path to the toolsdir tarball .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get the layer link from a matrix .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets whether the unit registry is enabled in use .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  prepare our mean of the system .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  setup   grpc
truth:  download   software

test:  deletes a public ip from opennebula .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the named container can be attached to via the container parent directory .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  extended extended registers of gcdex .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  dialog dialog dialog with user in config and update the user .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  log   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return server version from varnishd -v cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  server   server

test:  adds two objects that are unique before the given tag .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a string in format from a string into a python object .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  see   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return status code plus status text descriptive message .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   status

test:  get the list of inheritance ids from the object .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  send a json representation of a student to the given student .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  endpoint   repo
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all mappers .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  iterate over the command .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  produce   return
truth:  context   manager

test:  reduce a python definition definition name .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  execute the matrices of multiple y .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  multiply   queue
truth:  null   *

test:  displays currently executed file .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  filename   find
truth:  displays   current

test:  destination a piece of files .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  source   null
truth:  null   a

test:  view your ssh settings .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  delete   saml
truth:  render   render

test:  remove all living from the living nodes .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  clean   null

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  start the cci instance .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of image headers that can be fed to either a webob image or an http headers .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure the instance additions matches the score .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the bfs tree page .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a string from a string into a format .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  given   error
truth:  format   format

test:  waits for the reactor to reach the reactor .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  null   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get the port for a service .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  puts   list
truth:  null   a

test:  validates that only one of the values from a list of values .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  function   validates
truth:  scale   scale

test:  fixes the roots of various roots .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  null   null
truth:  surround   null

test:  test verifying test .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  if   subreddits
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   elements
truth:  null   truth

test:  called when the current line is about to the current time .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  measure   null
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  sets the expire for the password .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a json file containing the https template for the student .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gets the list of enrollments of an user .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get next loop for a next loop .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  null   product
truth:  cross   product

test:  test cloning a git repository from a non url which is emitted from a tool where the child flag is an editable url .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  test   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  higher weights .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   matches
truth:  pick   channels

test:  returns unified diff of consumers .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  output   search
truth:  generate   a

test:  create a qicon palette from the provided color .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix palette .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get default currency as default .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  default   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap a function or method as an api .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  extracts the url and values from an http secret .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  token   implementation
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a url for a stable response .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  url   a
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  convert a http response string into an http response code .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  pull   null
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new shortcut with a slot within a given slot .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   commands
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  decode an xml file name into language code .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  decode   generator
truth:  check   a

test:  remove a tap brew .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return file url of a resource .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return available images from this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  like djangos login_required .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  handles   mock
truth:  replaces   a

test:  merges in the remote repository mirror .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  configured   directory
truth:  apply   a

test:  helper function to create a actual link for a clean http request .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  show the service backends .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  if   redirects
truth:  add   add

test:  notify subscribed users about new unit .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  init   notify
truth:  notify   notify

test:  returns the configuration file .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  detects   repeat
truth:  get   nginx

test:  function for listen .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   create
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of matching nodes .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  fix each key in the dictionary .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   set

test:  reduce the file or obtains obtains .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  list   get
truth:  create   a

test:  set adjust option as integer .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  set   adjust
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read the method from a file .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  reads   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  changes the memory allocated to vm .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  cache   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  non-gui function to return ignore ignore of analysis .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  translates   length
truth:  returns   a

test:  escape special characters that are the xml characters .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  escape   html
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check whether the course has access to this course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  try   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  return details about a task .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  function   expressions
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the homematic thermostat .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account table details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  find   a

test:  get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   api

test:  returns true if the container exists .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if the action has all the expected permission for the given permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute the orient from a fixed image .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   signal
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  convert a dictionary or a dictionary of strings to an acceptable expression .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the most appropriate pages for use in django .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  registers vcs handler for the suds plugin .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  prepare to render a single yaml document .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  delete   function
truth:  render   a

test:  check that mayavi is installed .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  sanitizes a filename in the systems format .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  convert a timestamp to timestamp .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   day

test:  test subtraction of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  read   epochs
truth:  test   epochs

test:  parse a snapshot description into a python description .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  xml   xml

test:  generate an array of random values .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new datacenter on the specified datacenter .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert string into a tuple of strings .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates a property usage .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  use   a
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  creates an old feature class for be rendered in a class .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  entry point for starting an http error from the command line .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  function   method
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator to check the specified top-level top-level .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   decorator
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  renders a custom foundation page .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  generates a string with the least metric .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  configures   topics
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate a new session noacceptableimplementations' .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   generate

test:  uploads a encryption bucket and returns the encryption object .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  find the evalf of a function points in a sort of a given function .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  func   a
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  avoid version of readline .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return a matrix by degrees of reflection by degrees .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   matrix
truth:  return   matrix

test:  converts a python instance into a protocol instance .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  load a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  strip(s) -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  test   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  build a dictionary mapping prefix to pairs from arguments .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   increment
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  transformation transform on the incoming examples .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  widen   apply
truth:  create   a

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure the named index is absent name the name of the index to remove .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  takes an image in the os format and returns the shape of the image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  return   image
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return true if the string contains a hex or ast .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  test   method
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the url of a backend .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   linear
truth:  url   url

test:  configure the service in a reactor on a host .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  called   a
truth:  start   a

test:  restful crud controller - could be used to allow searching for imports to just search_ac on reports .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   crud

test:  get equation for rectangular seconds .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  null   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  returns a new unique id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that the requestors snippet identified by the :jenkins-wiki provided .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  get   unicode
truth:  tests   editable

test:  checks if the cuda flag is disabled .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  sets   check
truth:  used   function

test:  return list of page in page if page matches the page .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   one

test:  returns a function to store a finder in a global path .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  receives   get
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the alphabet is a alphabet .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --target .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  a: a theano shared variable b: a theano shared variable returns f where a and b are the number of all the elementwise elementwise value is true .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a ctypes search connection .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  checks   search
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory to change state changes .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   factory

test:  create synthetic stim channel from multiple events .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  trigger   null
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  threshold label int .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  flags   number
truth:  draw   a

test:  transforms a gdalraster .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  time   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a string like python code .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  format   checks
truth:  formats   formats

test:  very very compatibility function for a shell command .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  to   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  displays display options about the home assistant settings .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  print   a
truth:  given   a

test:  model a case with upload segments .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  null   a
truth:  model   a

test:  return the filename of a filename .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of unresolved tuples and returns a list of exp_domain instances .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  generate a test cases that just returns true if all supplied providers can be found .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  test   roles
truth:  generate   generate

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test label io .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   io
truth:  io   io

test:  return a union object for the given estimators .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  build   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  parses a gene file .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path to the theme .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we merge packages .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory userstory representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   move

test:  used to mark an asynchronousrequest object .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   docs

test:  same as a not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove keys from an object .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  converts a string argument to a plain string .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  initialize the module .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  locate and return a role from its role .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   role
truth:  locate   null

test:  should not create an api .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two or more pathname length .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  check   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that the author has access permissions on the given contributions .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  package   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  build true if the given configuration file arguments is unedited .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  determines   images
truth:  if   null

test:  create a task definition .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  project redirects to project .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  edit   project
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  prints a blob from a user .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  usage   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  add media service to media request .
truth: the media page . 
test:  display   null
truth:  null   media

test:  given a string as a number .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  given   a

test:  return the base project directory to use when creating a project .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  yield   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the hmac-sha1 of the given secret body .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  encode   returns
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse a request uri .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get summary of user-agent between some including configuration changes .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  get   poll
truth:  generate   a

test:  sends the output of the printed .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  save   stdout

test:  calibration and a set of predictions which is completely to be enclosed .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  error   measurement
truth:  null   measurement

test:  align -> int rounds x up to down the nearest alignment .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  align   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a config file .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute rsa kid information .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render an icon class .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   child
truth:  render   a

test:  like djangos command used by kwargs .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  command   run
truth:  capture   capture

test:  converts all newlines in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  returns a wsgi environment variable .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  return   functions
truth:  return   a

test:  write the configuration file .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  computes the inverse of square matrix .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this function returns a search results in a search page .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  create a custom connection object .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  to   connect

test:  test import of nt examples .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute the salt module .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  install   null
truth:  call   call

test:  converts a string into a fixed datetime object .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  get   get
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fast fast format from jaspar .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute a list of directories for a file: hasher .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  get system information from system .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get the volume info from the ec2 uuid .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create an image from the data .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  load   data
truth:  create   create

test:  return the repository directory of the repository .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  write traffic to log file as a given request .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  log   request
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test logo ignore ignore of data .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   solveset_real
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a qicon from the given string .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  null   return
truth:  given   a

test:  add enrollment attribute to the users enrollment attributes .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  upgrade   multiple
truth:  add   add

test:  physicists polynomial of laguerre kind .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  wait until the server has completed .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  open or update blob tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   close
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: copyartifact-build-selector set environment variables to the console .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual type metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  displays the date of the connected found .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  return   enable
truth:  function   function

test:  invalidate certificate certificates for students whose detail are students in certificate statuses .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  checks   ssh
truth:  generated   null

test:  copy a snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  make   a

test:  returns a list of all spec cases in the given directory .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  clears the plugins .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  deletes   filesystem
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  uploads a rendition for the uploading of the file .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  obtain   a

test:  converts a python string name into a dispatch name .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  read   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a role from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  rename playlists lx playlist .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rewrite   open
truth:  rename   a

test:  write worksheet formatting formatting from xml .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator that decorates a function or a function with a position of position .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  make   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  computes the inverse of a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  marks a test as deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  to   null
truth:  flags   a

test:  imports the class from the alias or class .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   class

test:  find the maximum flow of a maximum of a maximum -flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  find   a

test:  find the boxcox power of an interval .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  if   find
truth:  return   a

test:  test that get_user() function works on old .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  download a new disk .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  pulls   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  run the javascript tests .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  grab   run
truth:  run   run

test:  encode a task and returns its entrance exam as a background exam .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encodes   request
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check if a path is a unsaved tag .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create a subplot figure with a very plot .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  declare a function by disconnecting it with the given function .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  build   null
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  a simple example consisting of the area of a b-spline .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  compute   area

test:  strong -> target .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  null   click
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  prints a message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   a

test:  merge a fuse pair to provide pair of keys .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  load   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  return the port number of clusters to clusters .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  move through history list .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  creates a ping object for each two objects .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  format the jid into the jid .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   return
truth:  format   format

test:  initialize the global logfile .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  return the string with special characters "&" .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   role

test:  tries to find an appropriate site when starts with hardcoded .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  find   use
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get the global global ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  removes a file .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse a namespace string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  wrapper for istrusted .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  get   language
truth:  if   checks

test:  test that presence works when kivy_configure() works correctly .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  test   null
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns an object from a string .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  returns   import
truth:  import   a

test:  train a single mlp for the given mlp .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  train   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check to see if a module exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  only work on systems that are supported .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  load   load
truth:  set   set

test:  set the aesthetic style for the given palette .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  make   set
truth:  set   set

test:  configures the billship handler for the selected request .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   get_id
truth:  default   default

test:  fail if two places are equal .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (windows version as a string .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   system

test:  converts a string to an internationalized object .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  function   a
truth:  combines   null

test:  send activation token to user token .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  test   send
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the logs buffer used by the current process .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  empty   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate bytes or bytes to binary data .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  bytes   bytes
truth:  cast   a

test:  context manager that logs a time for an operation on the time .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  generate a performance counter .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  function   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  configure the application to use .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  run   get
truth:  returns   application

test:  sorts a list of columns that are not a list .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  return a string with the state of the javascript string .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect list of option values .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   multiple
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  return the config for the specified dependency .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the given string matches the the the the pyll host .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  force state to be enabled for the app .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  enable   sets
truth:  set   status

test:  parses a string representing the storage format .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  parse   replaces
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  used to get an environment variable from the salt location .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  return   in
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a definition definition with the specified name .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  is   null

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print the number of index definition .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   get
truth:  print   print

test:  unpack a numpy array into a list of images .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   dict
truth:  unpack   a

test:  generate a pairs of the indices .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   null

test:  build html for the given doc and style format .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  print   print
truth:  returns   html

test:  uninstall a feature args: feature : the feature to install feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  keeps   a
truth:  disables   null

test:  converts any value into a string for use in javascript code .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   filter

test:  get the pci device name for the pci device .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  set   null
truth:  get   get

test:  try to remove a front from the list of strings .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  array   null
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return true if mode is from a character special device file .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve the name of a user .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  name   resolver

test:  builds an integer representing a string .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  provide the tooltips for the hazard filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  get the fallback header .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  retrieve   locale
truth:  get   get

test:  add an entry to the list of all example in the context .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  sets   apply
truth:  function   function

test:  get the craft type .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace the css zeros with the css locator .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  quotes   css
truth:  replace   replace

test:  choose a random boundary .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   a

test:  python pattern from utf-8 .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  detect   null

test:  try to get an absolute url for the comment comment .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from gray to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  this pillar checks if there is pickle to run a parallel request .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  run   waits
truth:  run   a

test:  function that overwrites overwrites when the functions .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  lock   calls
truth:  convert   a

test:  return list mapping names to all objects related to the given graph .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  create   a

test:  grant access to shared guest .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  access   access

test:  verify that a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  updated with file encodings .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  to   number
truth:  null   null

test:  renders a signin form page .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  render   case
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the vigenere function of a matrix .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  null   encodes
truth:  null   relu

test:  get all the collected matches for a product .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   get
truth:  matching   matching

test:  migrates the given color with value of values .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  given   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  remove a file or a path .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  convert   paths

test:  indent text at the beginning of a string .
truth: indent text . 
test:  stack   a
truth:  text   text

test:  register a locale to be used in a chassis .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  like   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  create a base class for a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  create   a

test:  close the global state file .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  return the absolute url for the given site .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   a

test:  save data to a file .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  save   data
truth:  saves   image

test:  set nginx config for bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  ssh   ssh
truth:  set   nginx

test:  returns a list of all kb urls in the specified kb .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  run   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a relase .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  return   a

test:  directory of a directory using the directory or directory .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  access   return
truth:  require   a

test:  a complex index from a string .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  parse   utility
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  create a new in-memory setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   distribution

test:  returns the mor by the given "attrs" type .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  obtain an http token using the provided http service .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  destroy the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the app .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: phabricator execute phabricator .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   numpy
truth:  null   null

test:  test whether filename matches pat .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   function
truth:  read   read

test:  computes the radius with values in the specified height .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  receives   request
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  lists a list of event on a user .
truth: list instances . 
test:  create   create
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute variance-covariance stats between list of correlation vectors .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  return an instance of the datastore and the key_mode class .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  write a gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  determine whether the given request information is l{newstyleonly} or not .
truth: view that . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  view   view

test:  tests datetimes are iso8601 iso8601 formatted .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  test   test
truth:  get   get

test:  save the model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  save   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a transfer function inplace .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate share link in a given document .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  share   share

test:  make sure the functions that we have validation or c .
truth: process the message . 
test:  replace   convert
truth:  process   process

test:  test if string is a byte string .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  resolve an by python symbol .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  use   options
truth:  get   transport

test:  check whether a binary is about to either vlan_name or the on-disk on-disk of either include or the binary .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  check that an image id or raise typeerror if it does not exist .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  computes a forward tensor of a vector field .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  uses   scan
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate all prefixes in an iterator of lists .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  yield   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  wrapper around get .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  use   a

test:  a factory for creating a single call .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  add   service
truth:  null   alternative

test:  a eclean package expansion .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  locate   update
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate md5 hash of the given string .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  null   get_words
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  dimension dimension dimension .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the given security group name does not exist .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   delete
truth:  function   function

test:  get email address for links .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  define   check
truth:  mask   mask

test:  convert a python type to a python type .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  test if a process was a process to a process .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  null   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  computes the unbuckle basis for basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   space

test:  construct a query parameters .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  imports class by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   symbol

test:  create a class that turns all of the methods into interface .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  allow   use
truth:  create   a

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort an iterable .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  converts a title title to a python title .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get a loop which is inside the points .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   portion

test:  the the correct states .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  make   a
truth:  to   tests

test:  store the identity identity identity library .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  text   get
truth:  store   a

test:  concatenate an 2d tensor into a dense stride .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  broadcast   gaussian
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  returns network_id .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  replace   strips
truth:  null   null

test:  request to have a task .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  submits   request
truth:  null   method

test:  run a function on a signal with a signal around the given signal .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  replace the url so it is proper formatted and encoded .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   function

test:  returns boolean indication if multiprocessing is not being setup .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  add data to the list of chunksize points .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  adds   sample
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has an expiration date in the future .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ljust -> string return a right-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  null   null

test:  general callable wrapper around six that works .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  overrides   object
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a dictionary of child keys into a dictionary .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  get the version string .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  format   format

test:  return a list of matplotlib options from api .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  to   api
truth:  return   a

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   a

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   members

test:  return true if f is a multivariate polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  computes a general network .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   error
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   github
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  only load this module if m2crypto is installed .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle control register data strobe bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  control   toggle
truth:  control   control

test:  make sure the filesystem filesystem exists .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  default   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  install signals on a thread .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  testing   function
truth:  assure   null

test:  returns the service config item cli example: .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  prepared prepared 1 .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inverse

test:  encode a password as a byte string .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a container .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  unmount   swap
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  using   train
truth:  using   train

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a formatted time in seconds since epoch .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of unique constraints that contain a table .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   a

test:  sample mv of a mixture or an array .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  returns a string identifying the string .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  function to cast items to rotation .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  open   function
truth:  interpret   null

test:  guess the extension based on its extension type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  filter the query to json .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  return   dict
truth:  query   query

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  unignores   a
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve the list of all the available plugin classes .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  retrieve   create
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  new group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  null   page
truth:  add   add

test:  halt the specified zone .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  to   reload
truth:  halt   null

test:  returns what this is needed to break the array of those that are 32-bit as a vector: .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get a list of certificate from a cert .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   certificate
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a string contains a newline separated by the except for the supplied maximum_size .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   disk
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the value of a fixed width .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   utility

test:  add or scrub the request to an http request .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  email   email

test:  default retrlines callback to print output when printing are not available .
truth: prints b . 
test:  usage   print
truth:  prints   b

test:  decodes a document .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  document   document

test:  return true if filename is a syncfile .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   framework

test:  share the config .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  parse   instance
truth:  make   null

test:  compute the epipole sample .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  this assembly is <count> and does this one opening .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  set new key input .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  transforms data into an array of arrays and serve it to the tuple .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  indexes   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> str restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  return   expr
truth:  null   const

test:  compute the job leaf for each job in the :ref:user .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  function   data
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of dict of audio devices and items of the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  private function that enables the log of the axis==0: axis==0: .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  null   estimate
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  tests that the partial slices of several slices are overlap .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  flip   test
truth:  compute   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  test that when we have a csc file extension .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  convert symbols like text to windows-configured .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   encoding
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove a powershell dsc .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert a config can be changed on config .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  test   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  run the command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   compare
truth:  run   a

test:  encodes a string in merges merges into serialization .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  restart the specified app .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  given a apikey description .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create an iis application pool .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  find and return a sha1>: power which is the power power of power x: power .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  find   x
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of available kernel module with the provided name cli example: .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  dump error message to stderr .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  writes   msg
truth:  error   error

test:  validates that value matches regex .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  value   value

test:  exif an image using the correct image .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  return   images
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  check if a site has inv or tablename .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  remove http note that filesystem .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  commit   files
truth:  pushing   a

test:  accepts a list of file names and returns the content found in the file .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  url   null
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the cached inventory size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  to   access
truth:  to   access

test:  updates the custom tests against the background hash .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  update   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic 3-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find genericimagedatasetjob of executable in order to empty unit function .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  used   algorithm
truth:  to   try

test:  check that the surrounded distance distance work with different values .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   regression
truth:  check   check

test:  finds the service elements and return a sorted list .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  take   a

test:  print a status message and create a new one .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and return a converted date object for option of type .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  builds a relative prefix for the provided string .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  test freezing a 'distributed/loadtesting/load user .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  convert   test
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   template
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a path to an audio loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  return   equivalent
truth:  loops   loops

test:  get password for manager' .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  allow between serial item .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  null   a
truth:  allows   null

test:  return information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   logged_in_users
truth:  return   return

test:  unsubscribe a given single email .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  show   create
truth:  null   null

test:  compute scoreatpercentile of the scoreatpercentile at the given axis .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  calculates   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  get all cgsnapshots .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the autocommit status of the current transaction .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   server
truth:  unregister   null

test:  test g .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  create a message from a text .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   server
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  asserts that no errors in validation has no validation .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  null   function
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  fixture that mocks the fixture in order to generate a dict of dicts .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper to create a bcache sysfs with a given name .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  log   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator for issues a test or method of a deprecation tag .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse process statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  string   string

test:  returns an search task name .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a string with spaces in the single space .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and dirs .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurs   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  initialize the vm handler for the given resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to return a dict with keys that can be used in a url or unicode string .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sends event callbacks to a service .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  send   a

test:  tests that we can label their trash when they have a folder trash when they have a folder .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  try to import a module .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  load   a
truth:  imports   a

test:  intialize the gallery .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  intialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute the categorical from input distribution parameters dist : array_like .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  docstring   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  view function for getting a serve dispatch dispatch .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  to   request
truth:  to   try

test:  removes whitespace including tab and newline characters .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   replaces
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  loads a apple report from the given image report .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  make a simple attributes of the type with the given attributes .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given a message .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  given   a
truth:  process   process

test:  load a model model .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   null

test:  return the path to the html in the command_map command_map .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   pylama
truth:  build   scipy

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  helper function to load the current request .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  return   view
truth:  performs   a

test:  creates an instance of the migrations for the report .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that vcs works with a vcs package fails .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  checks   sudo
truth:  null   null

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get incoming shape from incoming .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  get   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to import json object .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  import   json
truth:  import   a

test:  takes parameters .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  module   module

test:  parse a profile configuration from ini .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  build   configuration
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  test that template html files doesnt actually apply when assets .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  make   markup
truth:  test   html

test:  create a console info dict .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  the main function runs the bloggerexample application .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  parse   runs
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypts a string using the given key .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the socket file on python 3 .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  converts a string into an integer .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  create a commit message for the given suggestion .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  akaike 1 into degree and temporally number of entries in the given neccessary .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  read a record from a file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a list of the mapping strings to a specific class .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  some nvidia driver function .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  compares user with the expected users within the expected users configuration .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  evaluate   add
truth:  computes   null

test:  validates an xml schema .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   a

test:  blockdevice from a dataset_id .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return string representation of each string in the series/index .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  find   groups

test:  ensure that the keystone database is absent name the name of the database to remove user the user to remove host the user to remove on the user the host
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the current title to use with the github api .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  get   function
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a key in argument-string into lines .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  text   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete a job by id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  make sure that a volume exists .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  build   a
truth:  get   get

test:  move through history .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   back

test:  replaces apostrophe character ( ) with union counterpart .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  replaces   i
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get stored in a get server .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  get   find
truth:  function   function

test:  make the response to use the api .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   decorator

test:  start the shell command .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  open   attempts
truth:  given   a

test:  check if the list of files correspond to the same list of the input unequal .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of the custom images that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  start the application mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  updates the cache slug in the given slug .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  wait until the response has completed .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  if   null
truth:  note   note

test:  train a student .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clean the ccx key from the block .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  clean   image
truth:  converts   converts

test:  given a list of headers .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  split   null
truth:  given   a

test:  expands permissions and returns the tabs in string .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  null   content
truth:  function   function

test:  get an image device mapping .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  call   a
truth:  block   block

test:  return the number of lines found in an object .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the libcloud load-balancer node into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   expand
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate a random string with length chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorate all onlyif in a list of commands .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  throws throws by the binary .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  parse   atoms
truth:  validates   validates

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an expression from a multinomial object .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper to get the version of the git wrapper .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  null   a
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get code from salt .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  convert   header
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a commit range into an mqtt range .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a free or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  parse a imap entry .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  tests   accepts
truth:  send   send

test:  return all functions in func .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  null   run
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  install the name of the name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   call
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a shallow copy of nested lists .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  null   null

test:  reads the header as a string .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  sends a message to change the given settings .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  raise   access
truth:  null   method

test:  do all of the default monkey patching .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  get all receivers from all receivers which of a given sender .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  list   groups
truth:  list   list

test:  this function is used to return true if the first kind of the second kind .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  attempts to parser an audio file that has been modified .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  work   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get filter_template by transformwords .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   root
truth:  get   get

test:  enables parts of smtp format .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  ensure   log
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces whitespace around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  call to sleep when a hibernate is running .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  run   service
truth:  null   windows

test:  private helper function to compute mutual features .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  computes   data
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return the line number in the current line .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  delete a vm vm .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  stop   a

test:  the samples in a bernoulli matrix .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  paragraphs   null
truth:  null   a

test:  length-byte stream of a random string .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   samples
truth:  stream   stream

test:  read in a file without name .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if g is a groebner groebner basis .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the return return the return a dict mapping all job ids to the id of the jid .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json sink value to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check whether value is arbitrary arbitrary unit unit .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  test that per image can be used as a failure .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   image

test:  list the zones zones on this minion :return: a list of zones :rtype: string representing the zones zones :rtype: string .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  list   a
truth:  displays   a

test:  creates a package .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  code a single header line as quoted-printable .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  validates whether each validator gets all commands of the given validators .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   validation

test:  return true if the named service is disabled at boot .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  handle printing of wrap project .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  null   null
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns a dict with all featured exploration rated by this exploration .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders a placeholder jinja2 .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  adds or updates the specified policy document for the specified key .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  iterator over csv files in csv format and use as a csv .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display the metric definition .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  call   return
truth:  display   display

test:  find if files in the nzb .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  obtain   set
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the osbornei integral of f in a rational function .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get geometry output by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   geometry

test:  writes a file to the destination directory .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  write   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return available services service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  imports   service
truth:  get   a

test:  return the configuration name .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific grib image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   matrix
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  get all chunks in the specified chunks .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  get   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  escape markdown characters in markdown .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  function   function

test:  load various dataset .
truth: load the data . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  decorator for parameterized test driver .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns only the program that is in the console .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  return   tuple
truth:  null   null

test:  query the help links in the page .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  io   help
truth:  return   return

test:  write translation translations to a file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  files   app
truth:  write   a

test:  back-end method to add a person entity to a person entity .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  format   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a color is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  compute fft using data from source .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  return the source line from the source object .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  source   a
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  guess the html of a given file .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns a team state object .
truth: given a request . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  given   a

test:  save a file to json .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a subscription entry to the native entry .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  loads a module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a dictionary with keys of global keys set to their callback .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  known   find

test:  return a list of all the modules in a given module .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  module   find
truth:  return   a

test:  create a list of posts that should be used as a link to a link string .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   containers
truth:  running   running

test:  generates the localized events and declaring warnings from the console .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  want   shortcut
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a mod path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  compute m without overlap .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   filters
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  drops all python source records from a table .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  extract documentation from a given language .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  create   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  decorator to provide a courses set of known values in a sessions .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load jose private private key from a pem key .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  loads   config
truth:  load   rsa

test:  get a new humanize date in a bearing manner .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  return   null
truth:  format   date

test:  generates command from capitalized .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  list   link
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of binning from requested notification and binning .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  password reset password .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  view   view

test:  translate a locale to listen by eliot locale .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  translates   null

test:  returns stacktrace with given bits .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  generates   color
truth:  color   names

test:  always returns true .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  freeze   values
truth:  null   one

test:  converts the string representation of an integer into base string .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new modulestore instance .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  single function to applies a oracle .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  null   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  returns true if the named service is installed .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dict of key names in the format .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to start a worker worker .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  embedded   start

test:  returns the product sequence .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print an renewablecert file to stdout .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   status
truth:  print   up

test:  return points at corner level .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  test   null
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  filter a sample from a module and turn it into a list of data into the bootstrap numba data .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  samples   samples

test:  return a cache registry for a cache registry .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  return   n
truth:  am   am

test:  the restful handler for orphan indexing .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  view   view

test:  execute command in statement .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  executes   url
truth:  executes   a

test:  use as a bound method to test the bound callable .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   attributes
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of all xblocks accessible to this course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  divide all coefficients by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  bound   multiply
truth:  raise   f

test:  automatically remove a users login to add session .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  use   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all optimizers in a grid of a given providers_list .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return the version string for the current project .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specialized copy function that will work on a list of tuples .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  copy   copy

test:  when a user is complete .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  get the driver type for the given provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if user has access to the course with this course_key .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  elliptic digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  create a flat random expression of the non-zero elements of a random expression about the lens i .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get key for a key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   status

test:  check for etag .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  resolve   things
truth:  function   function

test:  merges the values and a dictionary and bincount weights .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  sends a login login to password .
truth: login to router . 
test:  write   implementation
truth:  to   login

test:  normalizes the python interpreter to true if the object has a *write* method .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  translate   converts
truth:  change   change

test:  simple case of uploading one pool .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  null   function
truth:  try   a

test:  transform colorize file .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  init   a
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the path of an contract contract .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  get   load
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new event on the cache .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  this function is used to add the angular angular normally .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  handle   find
truth:  parses   parses

test:  given a filename .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  decorator for printing unimplemented .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  djangos   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  validates that this is a debug integer for construction .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  convert   point
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  display graph to console graph .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  control   shorthand
truth:  display   a

test:  given a set of article .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   return

test:  find the highest estimate of x in 0 .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure parameter passed to parameter values .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  converts a string with the first signature stripped .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  split   split

test:  stochastic gradient descent step for two persistentstate reserves .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  run   page
truth:  null   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  send that started that is used to stop in the modules .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  null   purposes
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset is large enough to apply the loop to large .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a mapi object .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   a

test:  6 responses and get kernel states cli example: .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  codereturn a string .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the value formatted in a 1024 specification .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  file   file

test:  convert a class value to a policy value .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a lamp .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  call   set
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user to redirect to .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  show   json
truth:  ban   a

test:  load dataset from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  databook   dataset
truth:  databook   returns

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  project   api
truth:  compute   h

test:  setup file index .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  use   tellstick
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  cleanup   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test client ip of an api call .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of issues into non-pr issues and pull issues .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  version of the sector method .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  content   decimal
truth:  returns   a

test:  instantiate template with test .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  use   try
truth:  changes   django

test:  turn a blaze expression into a multinomial rule .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  like   expr
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a clickable of the use to use .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  parse   in
truth:  null   null

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  null   new
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if the provided location is inside the multiline content .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the image model or none if it exists .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return a formatted .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   task

test:  get float from begin and xml element .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   get

test:  fill an ascii value .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  escapes   replaces
truth:  to   helper

test:  accept the current line of the current line .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  to   trigger
truth:  null   numeric

test:  returns the type mapping as a string .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this returns a dict with start and state info about it get more than one which state this looks through .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  wraps the exception in the new-style exception to fail other .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  used   fork
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  concatenate a sequence of dicts for a given leaf .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  join   python
truth:  apply   functions

test:  read a file with inconstent delimiter .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  read   test
truth:  test   failure

test:  a helper function that turns a mountpoint into a standardized integer .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  null   new
truth:  count   count

test:  read raw data from ctf .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  read   a
truth:  object   object

test:  lae: is x .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  is   like
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a slave from a master and play on a master .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if a type is a consistent type .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  check   find
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the integer as a list of integers .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator to run a function in a reactor reactor .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  run   up
truth:  decorate   a

test:  update the feature structure of each variable bound to its binding .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  used   return
truth:  return   return

test:  unset unset from __context__ .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  context   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  returns true if the string is uppercased .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a local local sequence from a primer sequence or a primer .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  if   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  returns a list of config strings strings strings for atom .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  file   file
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set/get or set the radial ticklines ticklines on a polar stream .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  make   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new bookmark .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  parses   create
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  set traffic server on the page .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  setting   child
truth:  null   dummy

test:  return true if the object is a nose of the given class .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a list of strings into a list of possible tuples of blank strings .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   strings

test:  copies master to the master transport .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  function   swap
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  require the templates/project0/ language .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   language

test:  returns a definition definition for a targets .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  null   null

test:  default by current user .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  index   null
truth:  null   events

test:  create a flow from a clientsecrets file .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get info about an available extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   info
truth:  get   info

test:  return true if f in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to convert megacycles to seconds .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   letter
truth:  function   function

test:  calculates the length of a prefix based on the string offset of the given length .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  default literal block block block block in python 3 .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  document   no
truth:  default   literal

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  given   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute polynomial sf map in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  algorithm   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a nested dictionary .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  collect   validates
truth:  build   build

test:  upload a file-like object to s3 .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  uploads   in
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns the number of chunks in an iterable .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  count   count
truth:  null   elements

test:  tries to guess the spatial image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  guess   image
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named character .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  parses   a

test:  takes a list of dicts and returns the dict .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  add account dataverse .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  records   view
truth:  verifies   new

test:  counts the number of nesting objects in the iterable .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  null   count
truth:  return   number

test:  language: zh-cn -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   fr

test:  verify the password matches the new user .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a customized attribute that flatten a python object .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  make   value
truth:  get   a

test:  class decorator .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  null   mark
truth:  set   set

test:  add a brew brew to the path .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   one

test:  raises an accesserror if name is not a valid ipv4 name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  check   check

test:  render final parameters .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  build   render
truth:  missing   null

test:  search the packages by name the name of the user to search for a specific version of the right .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  list   list
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents attribute modification .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  returns a string with bcp color .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  creates an http tag .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get the text dialog .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to a ca file to a ca file to a ca file using mkstemp() .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  set the descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  update   update

test:  add the loops into the loops .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  left is sql clause clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove list and art keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get file path to a device .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  file   file
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  task delete page page page .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  time   time

test:  computes variation of the input array .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  function to generate the multivariate distribution from the sample norm .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  function   function

test:  compute a spectrogram with pairwise .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add links to a plan of scheme .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  create an existing epic .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get a datastore blob from the criteria .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  check if the image is rgb .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  null   find
truth:  call   call

test:  if user is logged in .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  view   authentication
truth:  null   http

test:  renders a node as a rendered node .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  render   render

test:  returns a tuple of the type required for the incoming * casstype .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  get all block device groups associated with a given instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a continuous path string into a leading path .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  transforms   path

test:  return the attribute of an attribute .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   method
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the mask which debug values .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  find   mask
truth:  result   result

test:  delete an inventory class that has been added to cache .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  delete   up

test:  returns true if any of the given config module is changed in the given module .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  initializes   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load the china data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  null   load
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  sort ip from retrieved .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   null
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  the form of a form form .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  null   a

test:  register a routes routes to export .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   register
truth:  null   helper

test:  context manager that temporarily add validation exception to django validation .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  return   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  attempts to send a signal from a given directory and get the result of a given pattern .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  determine   send
truth:  processes   processes

test:  provides details for a comment to use in comment for themes .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   accepts
truth:  renders   null

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start a machine by name cli example: .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the integer flag for the split line from the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  skills controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   controller

test:  this function returns an appropriate event .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the power of a delayed .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  compute   send
truth:  round   round

test:  verifies that an attribute is present .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   request
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorate methods in order to load methods in order .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  round   windows
truth:  get   bevel

test:  returns the list of lang js js messages .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string meant to make sure it is using a lookup function .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  context manager that yields the sys .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  pairs   a
truth:  control   control

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   a
truth:  close   a

test:  extract the version string from node output .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  split   get
truth:  take   pacman

test:  compute the power of a compute integer from the nearest power of picture .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  function   status
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to match a device in the specified device .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  null   return
truth:  matches   device

test:  test that p*x_i**n p*x_i**n prefix of nested values in py3 .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  test   order
truth:  context   context

test:  to rename a container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  backup   files
truth:  files   files

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   null

test:  modify parameters of group .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  modify   parameters
truth:  set   set

test:  tests that the censure keypoints is changed correctly .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   difference

test:  declare the nearest relationship between the wildcard statement .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  backup   logging
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieves the primary vdi from a vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  usage: {{ timestamp .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  import   import

test:  removes whitespace including tab and newline characters .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  return   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  make sure that standby to sleep to use standby .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  make   detach
truth:  null   windows

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   a
truth:  to   null

test:  expected inclusion_tag_current_app __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculate the weights and weights from the provided shape .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  check if the metadata of the metadata of an metadata group .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the state of a given identity key .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  get   api
truth:  look   up

test:  save the load to the jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  save   null
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   services
truth:  list   services

test:  returns true if a user is lockable .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add mathjax script to rst .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  matching   content
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  clean up the test directory .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  ensure   a

test:  returns true if the given clause has present .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  create directory if it exists .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  loads common configuration file .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  function   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the amount of the conch script .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  open the parent directory as an action to the parent directory .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  find   action
truth:  open   open

test:  n319 - use log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  run a generic server .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse the list of parameters .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a page from an href url .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  convert   in
truth:  returns   a

test:  return dictionary of funk .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  checks that the version of the required version of a previous version .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   crud

test:  given a folder space .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   probability
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an personas reviewer reviewer reviewer .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns true if the two dictionaries are equivalent in the two dictionaries .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  if   api
truth:  compare   compare

test:  set a user name .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   time
truth:  set   user

test:  remove the directory .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  truncates   delete
truth:  create   a

test:  raises a new queue with the given queue .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  check   a
truth:  function   function

test:  if the permission code is less than or got .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  to   default
truth:  to   helper

test:  detect incomplete statements from a list of incomplete statements .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  null   test
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the given properties on an consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a function that can be used as a value in a different python application template .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  builds   null

test:  read a .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  detects   a
truth:  read   a

test:  this endpoint is used to warn .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  tests that content can be instantiated .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  used by other language to resolve a new switch .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  change   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  return the http cached http cached http cached http object .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all registered users on the system .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  use the same column as angle .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a tuple into a tuple .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   f
truth:  convert   f

test:  return the path to the test file .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   sample
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  calculate the subplot plot of a subplot style grid parameters x : array_like the subplot grid of the plot grid .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   function
truth:  plot   plot

test:  remove a file from the store .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  specified   copy
truth:  renames   null

test:  help function to read the next change from the cuda device .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  null   integer
truth:  returns   integer

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  files   files

test:  identities' add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to mark a test as parameters .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  remove   decorator
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: add another coroutine to the actual execution .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a variable variable from a file .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  build   output
truth:  unsets   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a metadata view for rendered resource .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  publish a review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  review   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  converts a few text from a including text .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create django .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  make   scenario
truth:  make   a

test:  return the line graph .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  return   return

test:  redirect user from user .
truth: create a role . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  create   a

test:  view function that displays the follow request .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  allows   a

test:  show help help .
truth: print help message . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  help   help

test:  statement : location equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   number

test:  imports all modules .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the current port for a port .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  get   information
truth:  combine   null

test:  helper function to get attribute attributes for using the attributes .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  fetch   in
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return data to be used for interactive visualize data .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a relative distance between a and b .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  measures   null

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  fill   coil
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get access access list for flavor .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  returns the node that links to use .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  city request handling .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  get   code
truth:  code   code

test:  a decorator which keeps a function to be run with a given directory .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  event: add another coroutine to the actual scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  is   add
truth:  null   null

test:  enforces permission-based access controls .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  compute the number of non-zero elements of a square matrix .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  strip   check
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert an event object into another database .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  send   percentage
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run the httpexception for the given file .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  pull   assert
truth:  index   index

test:  decode from a python byte string into a hex byte string .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return a list of all users .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  lists   return
truth:  list   users

test:  add node names to all the dfs names .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  add   configuration
truth:  typing   null

test:  generate a random identifier .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  receive coursetalk .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  fetch   context
truth:  set   params

test:  returns a form which returns a form preferred to use as a form .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  clean   html
truth:  called   null

test:  run a process and return its output .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   handles
truth:  execute   a

test:  normalize system .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  upgrade   change
truth:  null   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace declaration_list statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the first element of fn in fn .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  like   a
truth:  null   null

test:  extracts all dependencies from assignments in the given map .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  truncates   null
truth:  return   a

test:  wrap a function in a collection .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  updates data to firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  updates   factory
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  install up up up up up up up up up up up up up image .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  fix   method
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the leading language pattern matching the given pattern or unicode string .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  make   a
truth:  find   element

test:  input a iter or iter .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  lists   variables
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  make an input time to an suggests certificate .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  fix   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  a generator that yields a sequence of tuples at the specified entry .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  uses   downloads
truth:  generate   a

test:  populate set of unknown statuses .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  pick   null
truth:  add   add

test:  returns true if there exists a right-stochastic that returns the edges between all edges .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  get   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to attach some tags to a given object .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  parse   tags
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  create a **all tag for a known-existing object .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the migration instance .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list with all participant participant .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  return   a

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  perform a polynomial of the polynomial .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  to   try
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  install a "package" task .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   factory
truth:  install   install

test:  login using the app_logging command .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  you can override this fixture to change the celery worker .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  quote a list .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  ensure   null

test:  confine this module to yum based systems .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  is   null
truth:  work   work

test:  check that the value is of the given string .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   implements
truth:  implements   implements

test:  returns a list of dictionaries of filtering filtering to use as a dictionary .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  update the value of configuration in the minimum config directory .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  update   a
truth:  help   help

test:  return the common common code in a most recent order .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   items

test:  load current user objects from uid and return it .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  load   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a string .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  see   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrap a function into a memoize .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  use as building a script to iterate in a handler .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  null   redirects
truth:  use   use

test:  very simple html snippet for rendering .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  render   a
truth:  return   html

test:  that looks through a list of messages .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  create   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find a directory where a given file is located in the directory tree .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  find   find
truth:  search   search

test:  used by s3optionsfilter to set the resolved records at the given item .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  used   null
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   redirect
truth:  displays   null

test:  loads image to scale .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  checks if a virtualenv exists .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  to   null

test:  initialize the logging .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   status
truth:  logging   logging

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   null
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  run worksheet in default mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   worksheet
truth:  run   run

test:  sends the nearest device type into the nearest device .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  scaling   a
truth:  start   a

test:  helper function that fetches the firewall .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   return
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a graftpoints dictionary into a string .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  parse   output
truth:  convert   a

test:  this method checks to see if the given region was just a users region .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  given   get
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  run   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  update routes for doctypes in doctypes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  update   update
truth:  patch   patch

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   containers
truth:  restart   restart

test:  view to issue order to use only .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  load   application
truth:  null   handler

test:  convert a time in a datetime to a string .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  convert   extension
truth:  converts   t

test:  returns true if the byte code code is calling a string code .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  translates   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: rundeck execute rundeck parser .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   module
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  detach   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   group

test:  returns true if the given object has an attribute .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  execute a command .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  returns the standard team with the given team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   map
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a number as a string .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  calculate   format
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary returns a handle of entrez .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return a list of metrics for the current metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  print   reference
truth:  change   change

test:  return list of modules string .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on windows only .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  performs   check
truth:  complete   null

test:  generate possible user id for the identifier for the specified user .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  url   null
truth:  return   a

test:  click click with button and eigenvalues .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  shuffle   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname format for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  return   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  replace all loops which match the nt locale .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  null   one
truth:  search   search

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  visualize   support
truth:  check   check

test:  gets the traffic for a given campaign .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  get   traffic

test:  adds a quote to a message .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  given a value for placeholders .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  clear the homebrew contents of the locate cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  drops   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  runs the git command .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  command   pylint
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test remove_photos service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  called   null

test:  enable jquery on the addons page .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  encode   returns
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  parse a string to a suffix .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  given a paginated table of lines of a symmetric diff .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   names

test:  convert metadata from a json file to a json file .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  indent   update
truth:  model   model

test:  given a data structure .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  does   json
truth:  parse   json

test:  create a newer account .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  call   call

test:  build a phone number from a national number .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  build   use
truth:  converts   number

test:  callback function for key=value pairs .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  return   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  return the boolean value of a global string .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  default document prompt for vispy methods .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  assigns   apply
truth:  null   decorator

test:  update addon totals .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  update   collections
truth:  update   update

test:  check closed closed issues given a list of issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test that output of shape of shape is 2 .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  null   accepts
truth:  null   ticket

test:  send the given growl object to all roles below the given notice .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  null   a

test:  clone a new zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  install   a

test:  returns whether test microversion in test microversion .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  to   version
truth:  select   microversion

test:  parse a shapes .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  update a student can skip the entrance exam .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  display   info
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   path
truth:  search   search

test:  run the given model in the given plot .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  assumes   null

test:  parse a string formatter formatter .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs an expires header for datetime .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   outputs
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  expire the sequence of d .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  make   calculate
truth:  null   basis

test:  split a list of descendantaddresses arguments into a function .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   a

test:  list all objects in a collection .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  hide user tweet tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  null   status
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  require   null

test:  attaches a android library .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  find   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a unifrac-like row from a unifrac-like metric .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  make   shortcut
truth:  make   a

test:  saves the html represented as html .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  read   content
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  concatenate events in a list of events .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  to   a
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  check that the feeding response is part of the complex range .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get a point from the control .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   policy
truth:  get   get

test:  docstring test-if-executable-exists-in-python parameters .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  used   backend
truth:  -   -

test:  test replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  invert the list of indices .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  check shallow copy with a copy of variables .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  test   policy
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its utf-8 full width counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  replaces   appends
truth:  appends   appends

test:  build the extension to be used for the ipython notebook .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  null   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the name of the backend associated with the given backend .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  package   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serve the client .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  registered   handler
truth:  called   null

test:  check that the right type of several size .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  test   check
truth:  check   length

test:  remove user from conference .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  return   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns an encoder for a group field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  null   like
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the request data and return parsed data as a string .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  function   parse
truth:  request   request

test:  setup the insteonlocal component .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  return an recursive list of all the dependencies in the test suite .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  add   add

test:  dimitem : expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr |
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a string like abc .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  determine the token required by apps that would be permitted to access the client .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if input is an old array and returns true if it is a scalar or array-like .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  missing   null

test:  converts arg to unicode on python 2 .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  convert   in
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a free free function for various sample ais .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  null   counts
truth:  log   log

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  chop the masquerading masquerading home page .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  chop   chop

test:  decorator to check the specified object or policy .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  test that new fits header table correctly .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  testing   pem
truth:  make   null

test:  loads a demo file .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  unsets the value of a low cookie output .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  raises   attributes
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  return an image object populated with metadata for metadata .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a 5 lookup list to the 5 5 .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  get key policies by key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return compactionstats info cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  return the list of the repository classes that evaluates the repository .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   keys

test:  decorator that ensures that the gating gating gating gating gating .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  initialize the metric for the metric .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  null   a
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  find if object has a specific method name .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   find

test:  filedownload os .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  get   logs
truth:  null   null

test:  optimizes the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  module   null
truth:  work   work

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  transform a hex string into a tuple .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   options
truth:  hex   hex

test:  generate a git command from the current process .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  command   a
truth:  command   command

test:  parse the json command line argument into json .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  extract   json

test:  creates the extension in the specified list of instance .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  removes a file from the given filenames .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   files
truth:  delete   delete

test:  lists the network state for a network .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   state

test:  return relevant lazy function of all related operation .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  modified   model
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merges mros in *sequences* from mro .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  merges   mros

test:  indent a prefix with the given prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  converts an xml handler into a string for use in html .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  build   entry
truth:  null   user

test:  check json activity for project .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a local servicepair for testing .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects if the available agent is available on the system .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  function   metadata
truth:  if   null

test:  iterate over strides in contig .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   disk
truth:  null   builder

test:  set a key/value pair in the etcd .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the amount of idle time until the hard disk sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  parses a slug for use in url for a slug .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  build   a
truth:  releases   releases

test:  "guess" and receive a function of all functions in k[x] .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  inserts a clsid to a python machine .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  copy a path to an absolute path .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  returns true if the array is disabled .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  nodes a dict without category any keys with a dict .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  given   copies
truth:  push   element

test:  execute a acoustid fingerprint to files in the given template .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  get   get

test:  simple graph that sends a graph to an tf graph .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  plan   plan

test:  create a role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find all file in directory .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  convert a dict of dicts into a dict of here and create a dict from a dict .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  null   f
truth:  convert   convert

test:  encode the given value using json so that it can be embedded safely safely be embedded in an html .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  function   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  name for the service to use in the tpotclassifier .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  create a random graph from the given multi-dimensional generator .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  point   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  function to conditional forbid .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  returns a list of packages in the package .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  package   a
truth:  return   root

test:  returns link to weblate url .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  expected   link
truth:  link   link

test:  normalizes a utc data structure to a human readable format .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  null   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return a list of courses courses .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  like   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the f(k) f(k) of f and order of f .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  given a sql and a hash of the hash .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by applying a test to the specified attribute of each object .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  must sleep for running commands .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  sleep   sleep
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  install a new app .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  run   remove
truth:  install   install

test:  returns the user attribute of the given node .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  fetch   attributes
truth:  function   function

test:  return string describing the acceptable state .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a >>= b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  installs pyenv if pyenv is not installed .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configure   up
truth:  configures   configures

test:  an 7320 .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  partitions   size
truth:  null   null

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test existence of a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   existence

test:  tests clrtype .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  use   types
truth:  null   implementation

test:  creates a list with the given axis name .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  list   functions
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random graph for each features .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  list   fill
truth:  apply   apply

test:  ensure the shouldnt shouldnt restore 2d credentials .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   ^

test:  create a colormap with the given image .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  apply   image
truth:  return   return

test:  sends the anomaly queue to a recommend queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  p   null
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  like expr .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert text into a dns rdata class value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  look for a table in an ancestor table .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  ip   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   yaml
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group snapshot .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  check if python version has python version .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  validate the google cloud type and create a valid servicetype .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  check   info
truth:  verify   null

test:  entry point .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  uses github api .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  null   like
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the url of the regex .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  news index page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   null

test:  install a .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure the default plot works .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  error checking the error code .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  error   error

test:  read master into a list of master .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load word word from file .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  take an api keyword arguments and get sorted list of filters .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  parse   strip
truth:  extract   rest

test:  importing vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   null

test:  list all the test cases in the given class .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of vms on opennebula .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds the compressor compressor context to 8 .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  open data in sparse format and returns the parsed data as shared for sparse .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  load   function
truth:  loads   a

test:  ensure that scenario leaves description of a scenario can be set .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  null   jobs
truth:  null   description

test:  converts a content string to html string .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find the app file for a given app .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  tests that a matrix of labels have labels .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  tests   mne
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  fixture to return a template .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  to   url

test:  remove css class from css class .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  helper function to turn gluon into an expression .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  unicode   checking
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  tests sparse matrices generates sparse and compute classifier .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  classify   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for route .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add the host for the specified aggregate .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  host   host

test:  load the configuration in the default configuration .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  null   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extracts the whitespace in the original file .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  make   null

test:  make a resource to multiple api calls .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  takes a list of fields and returns a dict of fields for passing in various fields .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  do   a
truth:  null   in

test:  saves the closing file to states .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  create   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any commit version .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode html data .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   data
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  writes a file at gdb .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  source   a

test:  creates a attained prefix from the given prefix and returns its prefix .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  given   a
truth:  url   url

test:  combine data from left with right components of data .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  to   sync
truth:  left   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  gives   mute

test:  add html component to boilerplate .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  normalize the encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a dock instance that will return the dock title .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given a string .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  parse   attempts
truth:  text   text

test:  add allocated_id table .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   os
truth:  add   race

test:  allows a es template to down a static down .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  launch   factory
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a front from an iterable of items in iterable .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  remove   merge
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the current time .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  a simple memoize decorator .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  to   a
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute bounding-box spline for each element of its targets .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu shared by set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   gpu

test:  does the view of a license with a given license license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width string .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a unicode string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  helper for normal_ordered_form: .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  returns a random integer from the range .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that in-db can be listed on a file .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  file   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator that can be run within a user .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run a test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape old characters in xml .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare the replication and return the replication for the given desired role .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  converts an xml element into a profilesfeed element .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  pass   check
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve all quotas for a given quota .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validator for stack platform .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  check   return
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns the number of ora2 migrations .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  given   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return numpy dtype for stata types .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  dtype   numpy
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  configures an explicit audio output device .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  configures   configures

test:  admin view .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  make   a
truth:  provide   data

test:  compute the fprime score function .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  regularized   null

test:  expand column list into already list of already names .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  given   null

test:  parses the datastore info file .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   entities

test:  return a list of the image names to use in the current environment .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  evaluate   variables
truth:  null   generic

test:  create a new tree of a tree in a tree .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  make   file
truth:  convert   a

test:  updates the console link to a github user .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  function   code
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the given list of test names .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  return   return

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  null   map
truth:  find   memory

test:  get the type of obj .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  verify that the permissions of a configuration is a configuration dictionary .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validate   attempts
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test that gazetteer raises an exception .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  return the database object for the given database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  null   json
truth:  exists   exists

test:  returns the endpoint of the appropriate endpoint type .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of seconds since utc time .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  null   dates
truth:  calls   calls

test:  expr_eval -> str restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter to return actstream_settings[manager] .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  null   null
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts that the text of the first element of the specified path contains exactly the specified text .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  text   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return true if the version of disabled status is disabled .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  require   m
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the mapping of a mapping of the mapping of the mapping category .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  html document visit from the xml document visit .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   document
truth:  document   document

test:  set a random subsets of estimator .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  make   null
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a list of requests for which credit user belongs to .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  use   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  creates a padded with the specified numpy level .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  verbose   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a fake blockdevicevolume with a dataset_id derived from the given dataset .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute a triangle code between nodes .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  tests   security
truth:  compute   compute

test:  pass me a bytestring or .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for routines that return a boolean value .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  underlying underlying components of py2/py3 .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  cache   node
truth:  call   call

test:  apache a filename and returns a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the user is visible based on the process .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  run a single celery error on the server .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   task

test:  returns an iterable of image urls representing the image urls .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  text   find
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of available images .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  strips the current time to the process .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get ordered ordered ordered loops from numpys loops .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  runs a command .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   conda
truth:  run   conda

test:  change password page .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  using   endpoint
truth:  password   password

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   return

test:  compute autocovariance function of y over y .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  null   null
truth:  produce   linear

test:  fork a pid and send it to a slave .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  adds line candle before the end of the line containing presses due to the line .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  null   partitions
truth:  if   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution uses rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  this function turn object into a form field .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  given   object
truth:  null   method

test:  convert pil image to pil .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the timeout is raised when creating a custom timeout .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   contextmanager
truth:  context   context

test:  returns a dict with all exploration exploration summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the cache from the cache path .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  replace local thread in parallel .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  dumps   data
truth:  is   null

test:  create the equity curve for the curve .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  create   rpc
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   factory
truth:  log   a

test:  factory function for creating a progress bar .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the member to which a user belongs to .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  read a cifar 10 file .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  reads   null

test:  list information about a tablespace .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  ensure   info
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  remove a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns list of all file comments in the given file .
truth: main function . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  strip leading and trailing empty lines from a string .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  stolen   remove
truth:  removes   anything

test:  read string from a buffer .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  read   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  setup a local axes with a grid axes .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  sample   coordinates
truth:  null   projection

test:  convert a alembic key to a tree .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test sigma-clipping object .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  tests that the crafted implementation of a redirected or numpy implementation is a row of a larger .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  return a default constructed with the default deadline .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  default   default

test:  view for osf push .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a search search by name .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the config name from a full config name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  return   dict
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the joined directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  reorders a logger for the given root .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  null   null
truth:  send   send

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   task
truth:  stop   a

test:  add pillars output to negatives and end .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  get the default object to use for tests .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  add falls from the queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  activation activation function .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  fake   gist
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: critical upload files to end up the console in the console .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks that a string is a valid zipfile .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request headers .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the alternating standardized moment of the second kind .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  null   update
truth:  taken   example

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform registration that causes the information on the power .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  template   get
truth:  gets   registration

test:  returns a randomly generated descending .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ignore worker from a dict .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  parsed   null
truth:  if   null

test:  if the form is changed .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  if   dataset
truth:  to   try

test:  cache for all objects of the given tree .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  list   instance
truth:  cache   translation

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the home directory .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   user

test:  list public ip blocks associated with a virtual machine .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  ip   details
truth:  list   list

test:  downloads mnist locally .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like an object .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  do recursive .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  if   work
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  retrieves the scripts .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a tree hash with the given fo .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  link   tuples
truth:  given   a

test:  fetch a list of all thing info .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a tuple of parameters that should be used to perform a window .
truth: return a window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  count the nearest variance of each element of the matrix .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  null   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  decorator to set a function in a transaction .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  add   decorator
truth:  set   set

test:  return the direct hash of a file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  send s command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   send
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the 2eq order of a violin order .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  gcd   matrix
truth:  null   equations

test:  print a list of commands .
truth: print this help . 
test:  update   a
truth:  print   print

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a storage plugin object .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  calls   find
truth:  find   find

test:  the numeric version .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  returns the region code that matches a specific country calling regions .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   view
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  provide a list of possible tp objects for the mpf .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote a list of arguments by http_status_code into nt classes .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  trims   quote
truth:  null   a

test:  generate a django report for the given month .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make the directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  make   a

test:  represent an address as a packed packed packed bytes .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  convert   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  return a full update for a parametrized parametrized .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  get   request
truth:  list   list

test:  create an atom string for the given name .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  decorates   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieves the model object for a provided resource .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  a helper function to multiple choice values for multiple values .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  like   int
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete specific model .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   one

test:  return a driver function that can be represented by a simple linear module .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  null   variable
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the submission is over to be run .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  instructs   geonode
truth:  null   null

test:  removes html or xml character references and entities from a text string .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of series consists .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  decode   byte
truth:  byte   byte

test:  get the logging configuration from the cluster .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   partitions
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats the arg according to the argument .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  screen screen headers .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  view   checks
truth:  null   handler

test:  get elementnodeobject object info .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  calculate the list of group counts for a user .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  time   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete a route route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return all exercises that the user is completed for the user .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns mongo application instance .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the url-encoded used to mark a numerical as a function for accesserror .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  value   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside cfrunloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   install
truth:  configure   configure

test:  create a network security group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  used   a
truth:  create   a

test:  produce lagged groups for lagged groups .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  counts   convolution
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  patches   a

test:  get a list of the views of all views .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the ppcc order of a [start function .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  use   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns organizations list or none if organizations is installed .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  boolean   return
truth:  null   api

test:  converts all newlines in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  computes standard juggle function .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the configuration options for the incident output .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  install   output
truth:  output   parameter

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path to a private key cli example: .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  use 4 per indentation per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  convert a package name to a native encoded search name .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  input   search
truth:  input   input

test:  loads environment variables from a conf .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   attributes
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is enabled .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  gets the inner objects of the managed service .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  provide a dict of hwaddr interfaces .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  provide   users
truth:  provide   a

test:  a view decorator with a custom permission .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  see :meth: .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  avoid cookies that are not within the given table .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  resets   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  set the fullscreen status .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  reload the initial routes .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  null   config
truth:  routes   routes

test:  optionally ffmpeg from a movie file .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  to   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  calculate the cholesky nloglike method .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  project   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  multiply linear operators .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  null   service
truth:  divide   one

test:  for the given network .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a new partition sequence .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  partitions   null
truth:  null   a

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   directory
truth:  remove   a

test:  parameterize j weights .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  evaluate   request
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field field .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  checked   a
truth:  checked   create

test:  strips -> string return a string with whitespace removed or byte string .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  map   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return a encodable object for the given string or unicode string .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  encodes   obj
truth:  makes   null

test:  creates a default help help help function .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  vertical scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  match connection options in the current platform .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  function   dhcp
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg link - convert kegg identifiers to/from kegg entries into kegg entries .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  link   requests
truth:  link   link

test:  update the local backend fileserver fileserver backends cli example: .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  given a list of item .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a site source .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  require   null

test:  a helper function for memoizing purposes .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   a

test:  verify that a string is a valid path of the file system path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  helper function to update the autoscaler policy .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   password
truth:  update   update

test:  setup the sphinx extension .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  to   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test to rename a table with a dat table .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  reading   download
truth:  reading   reading

test:  upon upon a worker manager .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   worker

test:  returns a list of subclass details .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  take   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a list of gpg keys .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  return   list
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available formats .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  a simple example space to determine the leading space .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   number

test:  return the hash on a given relationship .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  logs out the user and redirects you are logged out message .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  remove   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  a synthetic test of testing scores in a given string format .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  null   help
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  given a field type .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  displays   function
truth:  test   test

test:  create a logger for the given object .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  create   content
truth:  function   function

test:  returns all the names of the given gated_content_key .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  returns   characters
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  whether a thread is being executed when the queue is none .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   worker

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   a

test:  push in the remote server .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   push

test:  check if the forum has access to this course .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  returns information about the pipe .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific @xfail 3 .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete backup files in the backup .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  tars   null

test:  unpack non-sequence sequence or sequence of *seq* to 1 .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  init   null
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests to test to ensure its easy type wrapper as expected .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  function to find the files in the given directory .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  to   install
truth:  null   entry

test:  return true if the url belongs to the given url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the preflow algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  read   a
truth:  find   a

test:  check the mac address in the background .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an incoming queue object .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  null   get
truth:  incoming   get

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  append the ancient function to the ancient plugin .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   null

test:  render users avatar avatar .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  is   a
truth:  render   render

test:  run a command .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  run   check
truth:  function   function

test:  check reader to use in kicking from suppress .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  to   return
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   osquery_flags
truth:  return   return

test:  print a user to stderr .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  to   like
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a role points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   role

test:  get the status of a process instance .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  extract indices from given list of indices .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   factor

test:  add an element to an vertexes .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  make movie-list celery .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  text   update
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test the normalized absolute error .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set logging level for all loggers .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  use   a
truth:  set   a

test:  sets a logging handler for the current file .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  enable   file
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get ec2 style service .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns a list of length of a national national .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   length

test:  delete config lines .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the verisure sensors .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   get
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a json object of pk documents in the provided document .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  null   json
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves liouville order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   1st
truth:  solves   null

test:  parse a rule to a rule .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  parse   generator
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  get   a
truth:  put   put

test:  perform a list of nodes in the target order .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  validates the tunnel config .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove place from the given ip .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that git or the previous version of the project found .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  git   git

test:  useful to see if any exception occurs .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  return system type from a package or none .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  return   access
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if id looks like a valid id .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  either datetime | str -> none .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  null   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  decorator to set a tagged of a function .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  use   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  add a recent recent data on a body .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  content   actions
truth:  add   add

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  list   queue
truth:  return   a

test:  get a signature signature .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  make   get
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns the path to the directory of the project .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get geometry tools directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a padded sequence of combinations of k from n .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  split   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random paragraph .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  concatenate   password
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the current user has permission to perform a given permission .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  tries to iterate over the common elements in the given list of bokeh possible .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   a

test:  input in a and b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  null   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume a list of topics .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  consume   topics
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : idlist ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  turns html snippets snippets into normalized step with normalized names .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  a simple healthz view that returns an empty request .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   health

test:  generate a set of sequences of sequences of a mapping file .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  simple decorator that turns a new-style function into native python setup .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  matching   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a file object .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  read   null
truth:  file   file

test:  n2 -> str return a right-justified version of data .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  returns all tests in directory .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  detect given url value from its given * url .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  function   find
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a queryset of a user .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  restrict   null

test:  set an attribute of the given attribute .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  given   a

test:  updates or updates the users redemption redemption code cart .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  load   view
truth:  null   method

test:  send a yaml yaml file to step in yaml .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  shortcut   mocks
truth:  send   a

test:  create or group computation from issue .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a conditional check to slices of a conditional string .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  cache   return
truth:  null   key

test:  parse the snmp snmp into which integration cli example: .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  check   check

test:  test that erfa does the structs __wrapped__ __wrapped__ .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  producing   checks

test:  decode the given expression to the given dtype .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  null   config
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to create a task class out of a task .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  create a continuous polynomial polynomial in the multiline constant .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   quotas

test:  display values for possible values .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  create a database .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  concatenates exception data from a list of exception instances .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  used   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a *m* with x**n in the list .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  is   a
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the loops in the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists in this is useful for the boolean .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim claim -> cleanup .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  cleanup   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  prints an episode .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  fill in the path .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  make   null
truth:  build   a

test:  updates the opkg database .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  updates   tests
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios have hashes comments as comments and yet dont consider them as comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  have   scenarios
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  files files by current user .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split the given path into two directories .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   a

test:  takes a timestamp in 2 format into a datetime object .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  formats   a

test:  defaultly django logs .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  make   server
truth:  make   strings

test:  return an ajax request with the sinusoidal cancellation .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  callback   request
truth:  request   request

test:  build an exception stanza from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  run a process in a subprocess .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   tokens
truth:  run   run

test:  manage the users home directory .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  used   null
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  tests translation revision on a translation revision .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   revision

test:  reads modified file .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  provides   compare
truth:  determine   null

test:  sample sample sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  control   login
truth:  null   null

test:  restore a dictionary with keys to/from it .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  indentation   datetime
truth:  null   a

test:  scenario#represented should be able to read-only xunit-style without deleting the shell .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  sets   search
truth:  run   unittest

test:  returns a list of child clone .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   swap
truth:  clone   clone

test:  generate the theme .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  takes   lists
truth:  generate   generate

test:  end : intconstant : file .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  expr   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for whitelisting senders .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return an os x decimal decimal .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  convert   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  copy data from a phase to be passed .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   structure

test:  like :func:pbkdf2_bin .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  like   a
truth:  like   like

test:  unpacks entry point .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  run a single tensorflow sequence of sequences .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  reject   null
truth:  reject   reject

test:  parses the date string into a delimiter .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  ensure   load
truth:  load   load

test:  generate a multipart/byteranges .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  squeeze a tuple of axes .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   shape

test:  remove any unreferenced from the document .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute the linear kernel between x and y:: .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start a service .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  compute kkt set of tensors .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  used internally to bypass true .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  consume   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run queue interface interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  null   type
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  calculate infinite-medium field at x .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   add
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute the rayleigh range from the waist of this image .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  takes markdown value and returns the value from a field .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  text   text

test:  an addrequest .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  to   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  check if a function is monotonic .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   returns

test:  just like contractions .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  lists   dataframe
truth:  block   block

test:  given a stream or a every stream .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  complete   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  check that a simple systems distance from a tarball at url .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function to mean over a given axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   x

test:  print the tag or aaaa as a documents .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  updates the url urls for the given section_key .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  updates   return
truth:  updates   updates

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  find   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  push   a

test:  check that a a string is a few multipart/byteranges .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   precision

test:  utility method to retrieve a default column value from an existing column .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get roles and role .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   fill
truth:  get   roles

test:  get the outline from the loop .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a root into keys .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check if the version string has been resolve .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  returns a screenshot .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  get   a
truth:  displays   a

test:  add an interval to the appropriate directory .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the *ax* field of a plain record .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  cached   null

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert a user user name to a uid object .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  convert   user
truth:  convert   user

test:  removes an full url from a url .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extended glob information about server .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  sign   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  load python data from python 3 .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   data

test:  generator function to generate data from a generator of data in optimal .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  updates   function
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  returns the version of the manifest .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  return   get
truth:  stack   stack

test:  guess the full name of the current method .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  to   a
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restore an rp configuration from the installing section of the zero-th .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restore   node
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creates a directory at it does not exist .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  make   worker

test:  private method that returns the arguments that has the named arguments .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  remove   utility
truth:  substitute   a

test:  return the number of non-zero places .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  parses the course id and returns a tuple .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a script usage of the given scripts .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  return   function
truth:  test   test

test:  imports a python library name .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  load   a

test:  test that issue emitting a "{}"' tag works .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  test   unicode
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  import a python code code to a file .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  code   code

test:  load an image from a file .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  return the partitions of all partitions by the disk .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  return   get
truth:  array   array

test:  this function size the size of a rope file .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  function   fix
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator of data in reverse order to detect the file in the file could be read for a file .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   level

test:  convert value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve the amoutn .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  creates a new feed for a campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  resnet-50 function of the second part of a polynomial trailing n_fft .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  return   t
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  cleans a list of know trees .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  like   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return the filesystem path .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  join   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  restart the windows process and restart the output .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  hitmask image using the multiblock method .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  report   json
truth:  null   null

test:  remove packages using opkg remove .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  name   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  include a file in the template .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  like   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  test that an urls in the repository is repo .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  item add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  this function returns a filename from the unix text .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  return   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  rc4 text into a right token .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  direct update information directly from the container .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  needed   object
truth:  request   container

test:  trims a range to a string .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  generate supplied accepted accepted by supplied arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  add an object to the description group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   extension
truth:  add   atomic

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  enables   learning

test:  check for matplotlib objects .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  docstring   null
truth:  output   output

test:  features should run only the scenarios .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  features   features
truth:  applied   tags

test:  send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  wait for any commands to reach a specific command .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  cleanup   create
truth:  command   command

test:  generate a random distribution .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a resource from the resource .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get a socket connection by looking .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   try

test:  power power down the state of the state .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  normalizes   vm
truth:  set   set

test:  update an existing given tracing and update their update to update their update form .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   add
truth:  update   update

test:  retrieve a comment callback to a thread .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  computes the path to the given webpack .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  to   join
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  renders a usage message .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  show   a
truth:  print   a

test:  returns a random integer .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run a command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  run   a
truth:  command   command

test:  convert a configuration file name into valid json format .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  verify   authentication
truth:  takes   null

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   a
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  carves up a mime_type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  display a returner .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  null   information
truth:  print   print

test:  split the extension of a pathname .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  throw   null
truth:  discard   null

test:  create a str in the directory tree by the name .
truth: remove " . 
test:  create   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check to see if a stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  gives print format for print format from print .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  prints   returns
truth:  print   print

test:  return information about the release for the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify a webhook signature .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   load
truth:  verify   null

test:  run windows only .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  import   null
truth:  open   open

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function takes a regexp or a string and returns a list of strings from the string .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  gets the current connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a version header from a version header .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  make   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  get a string to cache data .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  objects   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  split a packet in the order to split parts: a number into delim .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a python home directory .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  given   a

test:  helper to specify a file descriptor to disk .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  modified   sync

test:  time series forecast .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  moving   null
truth:  moving   null

test:  adds a add or basket to basket .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  to   point
truth:  adding   handle

test:  raise skiptemplate if url returns invalid .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  function takes a single line and returns a list of the mailcap output .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  decode a zipped file with outpath .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  creates   decode

test:  converts unicode strings to mbcs .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  utf-8   test
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return the radius of g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update flocker ccxcon ccxcon for the given course .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  null   put
truth:  pass   pass

test:  return the capabilities location .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   connection

test:  get thread details for last processes so it will be stored in the system .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  show a class from a module .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  to   a
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  create composite mask from top to balance images using a transparency transform .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if statement expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a crc32 command .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  port   pair
truth:  creates   null

test:  assign language data to session .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  used   sets
truth:  requests   requests

test:  return the ckan id for this page .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  remove invalid characters .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  converts a document to a getter .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns each emulation vertical headers .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  removes the specified xml file from the xml definition .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generate secret key for sentry .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if the queues flag is empty .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a progress job into one .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers semi .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   declaration_specifiers
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  close serial port for snap reprap communications .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   sdists
truth:  null   null

test:  returns utf-8 encoding from a binary string .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  utf-8   like
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get invalid status cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get all block belonging to a instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  count   instance
truth:  get   get

test:  create a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a string representing a time in format .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  gets a sigterm handler for the selected sigterm .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  create   run
truth:  null   a

test:  puts thread to make it easier to another thread .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  thread   thread
truth:  thread   thread

test:  send a hup to service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   service

test:  check if we can skip this minion .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  return   change
truth:  provides   null

test:  solves a system variable with lu decomposition of equations and u .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  set a random states .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  factory to create a decorator in a test comparing .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  test   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   utility
truth:  read   read

test:  remove elements of an element from the list .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the executor modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  render a resource .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   render

test:  simple repository to write if a repository or if it does not exist .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  write   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : token | left | right | nonassoc | expr .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   toktype
truth:  null   null

test:  converts an image into a list of image bits .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  float   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  temporarily get a utility to get xml .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  context   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that makes sure that a user has author allow allow access to the given allow allow allow missing missing access .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  call   call

test:  this decorator calls a function with a view function from the loading .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  makes sure that python-gnupg and distutils are available .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   load

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  null   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  this function creates the operations extension as sphinx .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  push   a
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  returns a list of all power types which do not need to access the given power classes .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  value   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update the cookiecutter with the service for the service .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  delete   options
truth:  null   cli

test:  convert e to a scalar or float .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  when a previous site module is saved .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  test mne analyze .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns a list of all interfaces interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  take   a
truth:  gives   a

test:  return a mock .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  to   send
truth:  execute   a

test:  will return a list of course settings for a course .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  simple hierarchy hierarchy that returns a flattened hierarchy of the given one or more role names from the given role .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  returns   strings
truth:  time   time

test:  returns a color that returns the color and lowcolor .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  given   add
truth:  splits   a

test:  returns true if and only if the accountpolicy matrix is a same transform .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  pads to amazon route 53 :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  convert shape of a 2-d or a dot or a dictionary of fs parameters shape : writeme or array_like the dot product of an array of dictionary of shape to
truth: compute dot . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   dot

test:  renders links .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   redirect

test:  return the list of volume info for the specified library .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  get   like
truth:  return   info

test:  download setuptools from a specified directory .
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  setuptools   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  combines the substitution of a different by b] examples .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  sort   add
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  use as a test to wrap methods that ensures that the test ref in timeout .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  null   test
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  shortcut for send .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  null   info
truth:  null   null

test:  parse and decode a template tag into a typeerror .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert an integer to a datetime .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get sinks in a given destination .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a python date string to a datetime instance .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if path is a python package .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   null

test:  transforms on all rows in children and part of the column .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   merge
truth:  test   test

test:  clears the search index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the request instance to use for a given request .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  return true if the given reference points in the specified list .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sort   key

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  create   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  this method gets at a line in the chunk .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a random string of the hash of the string .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generates   a

test:  tests the creation of a folder .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  allow   test
truth:  pass   pass

test:  creates a new instance with the given exception .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  retry   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  downsample by an image into a dest .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test when all inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  determines if object is a collection .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   tests

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  init   init
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  setup the gpmdp gpmdp .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  access   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator to indicate that the given method returns a decorator .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   provider

test:  create a configured nonce which will send the configured nonce to the configured nonce .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  create   null
truth:  contract   a

test:  move a file to dst .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   a

test:  read out what items are documented in source/* .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  read   find
truth:  find   find

test:  aux function to ignore epochs on epochs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  null   policy
truth:  equalize   null

test:  note: must be implemented for containers .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get the precedence name for a python state .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the absolute path to a resource in a given directory .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a unbox array object into a unbox array .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  only load if influxdb lib is available .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  turn csrf off into csrf state .
truth: given a request . 
test:  turns   remove
truth:  given   a

test:  updates the docs update .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  update   update

test:  return list of items in baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  matching   matching

test:  checks if course mode is expired and updates are active .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   checks

test:  return string with newline separated by a single space .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  format   function
truth:  return   n

test:  set up the sonarr sensor .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator that skips tests .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  writes debug data to error stream .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  write   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove packages .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  log   log

test:  returns location of the discrete discrete element or none if no discrete a string corresponds to an int .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  compute   integer
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an axis .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the image level to properties from a base whose values are in properties .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  set   configure
truth:  sets   optional

test:  this function implements a management api to render a resource .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  render   a
truth:  using   null

test:  returns true if the sequence has a sequence .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  null   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks to see if the current site is assigned to the current site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  return   current
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load this module if the psql server exist .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  confirm   null

test:  helper method to get a sysctl depending on whether it matches a user .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  expects   a

test:  create a new tag .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set evacuate facts if not already present in facts dict dict: the facts dict updated with the evacuate facts if missing args: drain : existing facts returns: dict: the facts
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  set   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for the module to the consume cache .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  passing   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  transfer the closest remaining remaining remaining surrounding loop .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   transfer
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  a class decorator that injects the issubclass of a class .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   version

test:  extract issues logs from a list of issues .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   references

test:  fetches an exploration to a yaml representation of the yaml width suitable for use in a list of exploration width .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  holds   wrapper
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that %h:%m can be deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  ensure   attempts
truth:  tests   plural

test:  check string based on input lines .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  open   null
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  run   custom

test:  send and receive packets at layer 3 nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  see   a
truth:  send   send

test:  dummy function for creating empty :rtype: none .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  evaluate the inception moving graph .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  model   model

test:  return the sets of graph g .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  null   sequence
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  returns compressed compressed segmentation for the arguments passed by the argument .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  command   returns
truth:  translate   translate

test:  ensure that a profile is valid .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   state

test:  get all the osf statistics .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  permutes a test cases .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  format   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generates a segment of root_id .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the given node node is a decorator decorator .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  func   return
truth:  return   return

test:  download a file-like object from s3 .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  download   utility
truth:  download   download

test:  sanitize filename .
truth: utility function . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  function   function

test:  time a tuple .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  takes a timedelta and returns the total number of seconds .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  normalize a sentence from an expression .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  func   predicate
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  return a list of ufunc objects .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  to   form
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the file or directory path .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  iterate over the nose modulereturn .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  decorate a method to restrict a method or group .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete an image cache .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  access to the access token .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  token   redirect
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  return system information for grains of the output: os proxy minion cli example: .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  given   a
truth:  time   time

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  override   override
truth:  construct   null

test:  computes the f-measure .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  color   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure the secret excluded directory excluded by submodules are assigned .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  make   test
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   binary

test:  retrieve the named devices from the master .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf failure .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check a value of the specified permission .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a convex point around a path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new cmac cipher .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  create   a

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   a
truth:  linking   linking

test:  t7reader open vswitch .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  to   api
truth:  read   read

test:  read the next cfg from the production file .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  read   one
truth:  return   a

test:  given a linear programming simplex tableau .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  normalizes a string to a valid python string .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  string   string

test:  detects the file in the given file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   image
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns the successfully or none if there is none .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  enabled   returns
truth:  asks   null

test:  generates an rsa rsa keys of nbits keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generate   rsa
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns a task instance where a task with some of the current task .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  stream random data view .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  null   n

test:  call the service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  pending   a
truth:  call   call

test:  display the skeinlayer dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return true if received action is a choice .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   action

test:  return a count of trees for a given trees .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  use   a
truth:  count   count

test:  is test objective function .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  test that invalid usage exception works .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  determine if the levels index exists .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  this method will check if the settings code has been set or not to be set or not to use the settings .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  use   json
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a string identifying the sentence from a given words .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   carving
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the current directory is included in a virtualenv .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the image members from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   sync
truth:  changes   changes

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   a
truth:  creating   null

test:  returns default gnupg .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  beginning beginning and log lines .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   null
truth:  format   format

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to a floats .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the actual cluster for a job .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  given a class .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  string   string

test:  check that the znc version of modules stable installation the right features to run .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  updates   version
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  automatically remove any of the elements from the model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython output arent command .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the version of the request .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   a

test:  validate the requirements table names .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  validate   append
truth:  validate   validate

test:  call the function c{f} using the result .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get md5sum of an md5 hash of the file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  md5sum   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  convert a column name into an int .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  calculate   var
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  move a file into the directory .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  move   move

test:  moves a file and its modification times .
truth: move a file . 
test:  files   null
truth:  move   a

test:  do some more seconds in text to rst .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  text   minimum
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the fans object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  normalize p using the qsturng function .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  retrieve   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  return raw tool tool tool tool shed corresponding to tree .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  load   load

test:  checks if the header was required .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  checks   mapping
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: dynamic-string-scriptler dynamic-string-scriptler a file or a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  file   file

test:  prints a few int .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  print   histogram
truth:  plots   plots

test:  save a string to disk .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  find a user by name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   dispatcher
truth:  find   a

test:  parse a sentence into a tree .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   add

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  this function is used to make the internals safe to a __init__ file without the end of the strings .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  measures   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  register language support function to register the class .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  get the random integer .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  wipe   get
truth:  get   a

test:  recursively load plugins from any directories .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  bytes   load
truth:  to   attempts

test:  load more references .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  load   task
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all pyqt objects .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  find   get
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a random integer generator .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if the specified compatibility checks .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  runs   runs

test:  check if the configuration is the correct network .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  sends a message on the operation .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  run   a
truth:  context   context

test:  return a *safe* bound to a specific bound target target -- the object to be weakly referenced .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  return   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  compute the vmdk size and properties for a remote image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  finds   uploads
truth:  get   size

test:  replace spaces in final version string with a version .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  saturate   a
truth:  undoes   null

test:  lower triangle of a function .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  create a file client and add it to the file .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  scan an archive and returns the archive .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return a random column within a string .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  get all api deployment deployment for a given api cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   api

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the form units .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   get
truth:  check   check

test:  find the process with the desired filenos .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  start the window secrets from the window system .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  start   virtual
truth:  display   display

test:  html count of targets in the file .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  count   close
truth:  download   download

test:  extracts the data from a given source file .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  using   a
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  determines the user for a given user .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  clears the post mortem .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  enable   task
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if a file looks like a block artifact .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  like most recent square .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  finds   transform
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of recursively in the current working path .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  lists   find
truth:  list   ros

test:  create a dummy test by enrolling a dummy test based on the current test version .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the unicode representation of a given sql query .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  null   identity

test:  sets up a test command .
truth: run setup . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  setup   setup

test:  helper method that turns all of the json instance into a local json instance .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  return   url
truth:  null   django

test:  ensure setuptools setuptools is installed .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  package   downloads
truth:  null   null

test:  casts a point into admin points .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  deletes an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  deletes   api
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the organization .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the sequence of a sequence .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if obj is a sig tensor .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the median of values .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   median

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return a testsuite loaded on all unit test .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  calls f .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  to   null
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  convert   create
truth:  create   create

test:  string resnet-200 natural natural .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  return   property
truth:  sort   sort

test:  traverse stats from a k-means .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  truncates   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  compute the average clustering of the graph g .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the sequence complexes .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  introduce   element

test:  internal workflow challenge .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  removes a team member from a team .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  all fixed ip associated with a given host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  get   a
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  test gl inverse computation by inverse .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  test   shift
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  null   options
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file with the given name and return its filename .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  return   file
truth:  open   a

test:  deserialize a stream or stream .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a path comparison around http .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   path

test:  program : line coefficients | line .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  log   program
truth:  null   program

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  build   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if the line has just been read .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the user-agent contents of values in settings .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  run   print
truth:  displays   differences

test:  create a continuous random integer of f to local in k[x] .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  transform   replace
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  stream of aws retention period of the retention .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  find   info
truth:  stream   stream

test:  split mulled function into huge parts .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  take   null
truth:  add   add

test:  parses an existing partition .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  used   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  queries the given users by loading all public queries .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  queries   queries

test:  train a model and uses it on the master .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  load   implements
truth:  loads   a

test:  splits otus from last segment separated list of otus into last side more than one line separated regions .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  remove   output
truth:  filter   otus

test:  creates a app with the provided config module .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uploads a file .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  function   function

test:  same as the directory path/method .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  infer a node parameters for arguments .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   try

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  returns the current directory .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  yield matching files names of directories .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  if   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  get a remoteinfo list of dicts with a search term .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  null   apply
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  generate a command .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  queries   command
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of a directory exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  replaces python value from the environment vars .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   values

test:  take in post uri and execute the user can be invoked .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  test operator by name .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  null   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  read the gene data from the thread .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   a
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  followers followers a raising module from the previous module .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  generate url for issues url .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  return   buttons
truth:  github   github

test:  wrap a function so that it appears in self .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  safe utility to callfuncs .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  locate   a
truth:  is   t

test:  converts a url to a type to its type .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively generate the next prior any received prior to be referenced via prior .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  to   sort
truth:  null   method

test:  check if construction has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  configure   check
truth:  if   check

test:  remove reloading or ?unc from the original list .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  repeated   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  dump details of the configured config .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  config   null
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number of max .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  writes the input stream to a file .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  returns true if the given proxyname is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  export a method to a png format .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   method
truth:  export   method

test:  adds flex methods to a given class .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  make   test
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert orange to numpy constructor .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for events .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   mapreduce
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  build a range range header .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  obj   certificate
truth:  if   null

test:  utility function to sysv symbol values .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  mask   markdown
truth:  null   null

test:  start a machine by name .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  start   a

test:  check that rid demonstrates replaces extra frozenset instead of picking .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  send daily to inform observers .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  send   reports
truth:  reports   reports

test:  this is the main function to run the main process .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  point   create
truth:  build   build

test:  test to ensure that it works as expected to allow x-api-key to allow x-api-key .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   json

test:  format host name for safe compatibility .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  host   host

test:  runs the given shell command .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   null

test:  create volumes folder .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   create

test:  tests that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  to   try

test:  turn a list of allocations into a single resource provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  prepares   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  create an image object using the papineni images .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  compares   apply
truth:  update   update

test:  extract the translations from a python file .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  deletes/withdraws from vrf identified by *route_dist* .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes model .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  deletes   remove
truth:  null   version

test:  open a python file using the given mode .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  process objects as dictionaries by rfc 2068 type .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  ensure   compute
truth:  make   null

test:  check that x is a valid point or false if the order curve .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  is   a

test:  ensures that the shapes given is exponential according to the given location .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  discover discover points .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  if   truncate
truth:  test   test

test:  return list of integers from arguments .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  function   a
truth:  measure   measure

test:  download command from a working url .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  download   download
truth:  build   a

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  a simple wrapper to wrap a single hook .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  show   delete
truth:  null   null

test:  remove nanrows values from the input array .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the full config file kind .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to launch the shortcut for the given git .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  return   return
truth:  launch   launch

test:  create a fake cluster with the provided cluster and return the scheduled_at .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator that creating a view class with the revision name .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   summaries
truth:  add   summaries

test:  returns all files in the given package .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects a set of boolean field from the boolean .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collect   task
truth:  collects   a

test:  test that when we find a user from a wheel wheel .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  provides a path to the resource from the resource .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  parse   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a installed_apps model from the given settings .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  build master api server to retrieve master facts from a virtual facts .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone naive .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  tests   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  user_input has been unenroll to be performed in tasks .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  updates   attempt
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if enum is an internet type .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns all models in all models .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  get   null
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  get list of disk devices .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  remove   attributes
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns true if g is a set of edge cover .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decides   null

test:  queue the plugin translations .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  tell   new
truth:  adds   a

test:  error checking on routines that return a file extension .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  elementwise arccosine function .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  indices   indices

test:  load a module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the hash inplace to use in a variety ipv6 address .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  content   f
truth:  given   null

test:  create color dict of linear pairs from start and gradient .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  make   class
truth:  makes   dict

test:  show a commit in the transaction .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  commit   commit
truth:  show   a

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  check if the package is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  execute the brew command .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  get   get
truth:  calls   calls

test:  given a reader function .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute an indefinite integral of a upper term .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  sum   sum
truth:  null   null

test:  execute a command .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  execute   method
truth:  execute   null

test:  polynomial pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  remove any temporary file or directory .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  view decorator to monitor global thread .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  authenticate   utc
truth:  null   infinite

test:  get directory path to use .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  find   file
truth:  return   location

test:  return true if the object has a getmodule object or a module .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make a file with the specified numpy program .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  instantiate   equivalent
truth:  make   a

test:  test that matplotlib text arent write to matplotlib .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  test   test
truth:  error   error

test:  extracts the replacement from certain replacement .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a sitemap message .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  creates   test
truth:  null   dev

test:  returns a dictionary containing multiple changes .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  list   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns the current time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   compute
truth:  return   current

test:  provides standard problems command for series of given problems .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  help   send
truth:  identify   null

test:  convert a debug interval to a numpy interval .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this is a decorator to mark a function as an coverage of a separate function .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  create   authentication
truth:  mark   fn

test:  ensure fromlist .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  ensure   wrapper
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently delete a health check .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set the maximum attribute dictionary .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  make   sets
truth:  null   privacy

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys and values from the kern pair .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create theano model containing threshold .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  computes the icon for the admin *** .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  null   null
truth:  posts   posts

test:  set the aliasing color to the normal distribution .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to load pages .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   generate
truth:  extract   part

test:  returns an cylindrical list of of all features from a given directory .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  finds   get
truth:  to   null

test:  return the power of the prime number of the prime limit .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  normalise   null
truth:  return   power

test:  returns the grade histogram of the histogram related to the given module .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  print   print

test:  return true if mode is from a character special device .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of active ids describing the vms .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  enable the printed code of standard output .
truth: override sys . 
test:  make   redirects
truth:  override   sys

test:  returns the versions of packages .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  return   root

test:  return a fixed frequency datetime index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  find   a

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   in

test:  return true if a and b are the same .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a new diff dictionary .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   null

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   stubs
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  replace the reference or a string .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  discard   expressions
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the current username of a username .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key object prepared for the header in the header .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this splits type of feature into their corresponding feature value .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  tries to determine the amount of the system jdk .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  clear the cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads a file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if the executable contains a super .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  takes a worker server .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  set   x
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a storage object that implements the new redis instance .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  null   test
truth:  usage   usage

test:  find the file to use a given app .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  test the compatibility of the bundle .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  null   call
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  to   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return true if the column exists in the table .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  check   null
truth:  alter   a

test:  this function is used to convert the data in a thread to tid .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  function   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  temporarily override all sessions sessions when a collection is run .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  function   null
truth:  command   command

test:  returns plugin classes .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  plugin   return
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies for dependencies of we should download and #161 .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write a client to a client .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  test   discovery
truth:  generate   a

test:  sends the file or directory to use something .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the paths by a matrix .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a list of version names that contain a windows version .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  check   a
truth:  list   list

test:  generate a new cookie encoded .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  decode   function
truth:  function   function

test:  set the system module of the kernel is available .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  work   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  return the filename without the extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  confirm   work
truth:  work   work

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  handles the document .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  remote   fill
truth:  test   test

test:  get the list of available keys .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  returns the socket revision from the socket .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  function   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a dict from a key .
truth: given a field . 
test:  do   get
truth:  given   a

test:  create a display of the cloud instance .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return virtual machine value from a short struct string .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  to   null

test:  get the warning method of a remote object .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  publicizes data in constraint .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  open   null
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  register a custom access role as an existing user .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a value as a string iterator .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  updates   releases
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a number to a string of 4bit b36 format .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  plugin   number
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  used   function
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a namedtuple with the lets defined names removed .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   data

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   null
truth:  pick   installer

test:  create an entry from a dict .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  build   a

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  return   saml
truth:  get   get

test:  read somewhat-helpful types which can be listed in a string .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  tests   read
truth:  make   null

test:  get a locale to be used in a templatetags str .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a numpy float to a float of integers .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the config to use for a config .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  hardcoded   nltks
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   data

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  build a setuptools setuptools .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  download   downloads
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  this function parses the html page .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  function called to return a dict .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  download   retry
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that the regular expression matches the same one as the regular expression .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  test   human
truth:  tests   tests

test:  converts a string argument to a string for safe use .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  value   a
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  extracts the message results from the given validation .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  create   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  parse a string which descriptions .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  add a list of all members on a user .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   add

test:  computes the set of dependencies that are not in the given dict .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   number

test:  changes the line to the file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  source   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  convert a collection to a line3dcollection segments .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return an iterator which yields the pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a class instance from a class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  register   a
truth:  add   a

test:  returns the version of the package available on the system .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  flatten a nested collection of units .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  flatten   function
truth:  given   a

test:  plot the html in the residual graph .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  used   sinusoidal
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check to make sure the default plot works .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  help -> execute a content-disposition content-disposition .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  function   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  generic t-confint to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  use   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a string like integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy with minimal settings .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  return all nodes having a path to source in g .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  prints out the command .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  returns true if the given error code should be included .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  create   create

test:  create an application on the specified credentials .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a new hash of the keys with the given data .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  return   a

test:  example: when i run "behave .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  command   command
truth:  null   method

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   a

test:  renders the url to template .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan a postfix log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  create a route table .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  creates   a

test:  return eol characters .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  strip   none
truth:  text   text

test:  create models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   models
truth:  register   models

test:  require a single pkg fixers for a given package .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validates file existence .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  null   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  calculate md5sum of the md5sum .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  md5sum   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert text to integer .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  given   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets the media prefix for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  template   null
truth:  populates   a

test:  cast numpy argument to a tensor .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  divide   like
truth:  cast   cast

test:  parse a iso 8601 format from the date into a datetime object .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  integer from network order .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a problem for a particular problem .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   caches
truth:  delete   delete

test:  backwards compatibility .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set a password in the named user .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the named grafana is enabled for a container .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  make   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  watch   page
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a controller method to perform a query .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  returns   generic
truth:  build   a

test:  returns a list of the drop sql sql sql statements for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a request object from a list of features .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  testing   list
truth:  request   request

test:  drop epochs .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  help   expr
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  parse lines starting at the line and return the line numbers .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  upgrade   attempts
truth:  return   line

test:  public routine to get the beginning of a line .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  fetch   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a numeric degrees time in seconds since the epoch to convert a specified relative line .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   a

test:  validates that the user can be converted to a string .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   values

test:  water types: restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sources

test:  attempt to read the json object from a local url .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  to   api
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like check_output but captures the output of a command .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   checks
truth:  command   command

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   parameters

test:  returns true if text is a builtin domain name .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  delete a asset asset .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  del   a

test:  return a list of all containers records for which have been associated with specific section .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  print   a
truth:  return   a

test:  publish django from user .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  show   a
truth:  publish   a

test:  add the index value to the correct index .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  process   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the last camera .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   record
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper function to normalize line without spaces and whitespace .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  normalize   return
truth:  fixed   return

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  string   string

test:  find all missing errors that match the given criteria .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  function   a
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  delete all files in a zip file .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  null   a

test:  create new encoding dict from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  generates a set of colors from a palette .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   function
truth:  given   null

test:  returns list of all the names of all available eselect modules .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  removed a matching containers in the repository-relative process .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  remove   method
truth:  ensure   null

test:  bayesian information criterion of the t of sigma_hat given the 3 in y .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get an attribute of an attribute .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  if there is a iplot figure .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  draw   null

test:  return exercise items for all exercise ids .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  copy the annotations from the dest .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  convert an image to power .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  updates timeline timeline .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  updates   colors
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a class registered with the namespace of the namespace .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media asynchronously .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  read a distances file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list with all exploration ids that the given user subscribes the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the system plugins by the group .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   tags
truth:  append   tags

test:  solves the general solution .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a finder project with filter name based on the list of calls to a finder calls .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  returns true if the object is an integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  determines   null

test:  return a multivariate multivariate residuals for a multivariate model .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   cli

test:  get all key_pair for a project .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorate a function used to create a memoized memoized in a cache .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send a request to the api with the given host .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  format the master master window for this minion cli example: .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  like   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces detail into proper console instance .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  compute the polar of a complex matrix .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  used   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a deferred that will be associated with the given mapper .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  install a flocker package on a distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   return
truth:  install   flocker

test:  url url for a polynomial over the possible patterns_path .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  list   part
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  quote the value in a string to the given number of levels .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  limit   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove any any any email emails from queue .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  clear   null

test:  remove a single jacket container from the given name .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return true if the given first null string is html characters .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns a json string representing a json string .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  do   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display all private repositories in the repository .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  if the user has masquerading to the specific course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a requests response object with a exit code .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  create rfc copy of the request header .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  check   convert
truth:  validate   validate

test:  calls per arch every time .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  respont fit a single da file .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  load   put
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  returns a string for use in a container .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager to run a user in interactive environment .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  run   mocks
truth:  runs   a

test:  compute the power of the {field_index: function of an axis .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  updates the current database cli example: .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  check   information
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a datetime object .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  is   pkg

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function to work on the filesystem .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  files   null
truth:  create   a

test:  make an exception instance from the uncaught uncaught .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  keys from dictionary .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  ensure   close
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  build image data for the page where the target can use it as a string or fields .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   page

test:  run a salt service .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  files   return
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   join

test:  add nova class to a function .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  install   add
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the checksum of the tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  install   replaces
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  force jobs to force a process and store it .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the nma notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether or not we are a file .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  if   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  setup the snmp component .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   kernel
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse arguments in a dot file .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  like check_output but captures the command with dummy arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  checks   function
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a minion by name .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroys   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  gets the intersection of the minimum states .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  accepts   a

test:  detach the db db associated with an object .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the currently active locale .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  get   current

test:  instead of performing cachedir .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  to   fixture

test:  returns a format string of a given type .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  build   format
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to allow querying of a ccx signal on a ccx .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test that random summary of a summary works .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  when a user is created .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  if   check

test:  regular expression pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  parse   map
truth:  to   try

test:  rename all abe .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  confirm   data
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   newline
truth:  null   newline

test:  returns true if the rule flag is the rule .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   return

test:  context manager that will set the translation for the context .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  activate   null

test:  show an error message .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   function
truth:  show   show

test:  statement : location equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  get the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a namedtuple from a grabbing supported by name .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  decodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  parse a string or return an mqtt engine .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   a

test:  in case of file is retrieved in case of symlinks .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  null   search
truth:  null   case

test:  determine the target constructor of the given module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  shows all of the data in a particular guid .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  complete   fill
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move items from a query to an existing query .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  move   a
truth:  moves   null

test:  check if the glob matches the glob patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  this function returns a list containing all subj alt by taxonomic .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  assume that an assets is needed .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  list   app
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  initialize the threads for threads .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  returns the executable specified by invoking .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  use   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of the all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  checks to see if the resource modified data has modified .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure testing mode is enabled in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse nms url into normalized serialization like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   master
truth:  parse   nms

test:  this decorator checks if a function is a cleaned up of sudo tuples of sudo .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  updates   returns
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  append a file path to the s3 key connection .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   a

test:  create a raw query dictionary from a query tree .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  create   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  null   sandwich
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  find all bricks found in predicate .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  given   set
truth:  walk   null

test:  extract the names of all volumes in a given root .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  function   list
truth:  configured   list

test:  return the computer .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  update an taskinfo object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  update   course
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  packs a value to the proper format property .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  converts   sets
truth:  packs   a

test:  print all commands in the transaction .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  print   authors

test:  start a resource sample using api .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  command   create
truth:  calls   calls

test:  check whether a pid is running against a pid .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  retry for all retries in the database .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  to   retry
truth:  try   something

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the onkyo platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   create
truth:  setup   setup

test:  computes the pairwise metric between x and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  point   function
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  disable users by username .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  setting   setting

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value to a list containing separated by "name" into something that can be instantiated .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if host is smartos .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  checks   function
truth:  function   function

test:  combine the elements of a file into a list .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the request index .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get element by id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  reads a dictionary of example tool config via the corresponding via the current request .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   value
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the widget can create a new one .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  label   null
truth:  make   null

test:  read the metric definition .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   traffic

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  string   format
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  null   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns true if task has custom attr .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize the global bytecode .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return list of disk devices .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   setup
truth:  get   get

test:  return arguments for command-line argument .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   get

test:  return incremented of the scalar .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  encrypt the specified data and return the result .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  required   plugin
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  load   null
truth:  make   null

test:  product view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  authenticate   view
truth:  ordered   product

test:  use this function to close the github api to close the github api to close to .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  close   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  helper function for the grains from the grains .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to define a new token that is indirectly defined by the delimiter it .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text - the 8 8 bytes of the aes 8 .
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  restrict a dictionary of keys .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the mode that the files can be set to a package .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  return   a

test:  get the grains from the proxied device cli example: .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a actual schema .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  plot a flat plot of a sampled script_name .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  plot   filters
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  give a list of page id for the user .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  return   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return an copy of a style menu type over a dictionary .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  to   default
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae samples should handle samples in the samples .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  multi-class categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  cross   cross

test:  imports a module .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  import   import
truth:  null   alternative

test:  create a template error string from a template .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   a

test:  copy an int to the destination word .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  test that you can access this view with a custom api .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  djangos   null
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   decorator
truth:  insert   a

test:  detach the current path in a subsystem .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   program

test:  the context manager .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  to   usage
truth:  send   a

test:  delete an entry from the system uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the minion data that contains the grains of the minion .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   one

test:  apply the class decorator to a class .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  returns the list of keys to use for the win32 .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  creates   calls
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  returns the object pointed to by the given reference .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  object   object

test:  updates formatters with a list of formatters .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  function   description
truth:  null   formatter

test:  format a task object for consumption outside of data .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  template   task
truth:  format   a

test:  delete the line of the cursor from the line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  clear   kill
truth:  kill   kill

test:  attaches serializers .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  set the old rss limit for the given layer .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a value of model objects .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  like   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   decode
truth:  return   return

test:  safely decodes a bytestring or unicode string .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  check if the contents of the text plain by the text .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  this platform platform from the string of a string of the current node .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  to   null
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses the given image for evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: html plugin plugin reports with html build plugin requires the jenkins scan-build plugin plugin <hipchat+plugin> .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from paths .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  converts an full text to its full python dict .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  arg   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  clear the weights .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize a nick templates from the given template .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  set   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  add a new k1 .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  simplified   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  show the javascript metadata for each line in js .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  has   a
truth:  has   js

test:  tries to determine the current backend using the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  make   version
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  register   null
truth:  is   null

test:  lst: a single integer of a long integer .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   x
truth:  write   null

test:  transforms a traceback into a etymology etymology .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  log   a
truth:  look   up

test:  remove any files in the given path that match a mtime .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return list with action options .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   keys
truth:  list   regexp

test:  detects if the current agent is available on the system .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  take   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a languages name for the current locale .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   return

test:  deduce the encoding from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get the triangle area loops from the loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parses the main entry-point .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  running   running

test:  mixed inheritance from an new-style class & new-style classes that should be instantiated when the end class .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return data from the minion out cli example: .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   data

test:  generate the inverse of transitively where the reorient is .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  generates   logic
truth:  checks   checks

test:  make a list of datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  runs a shell comand on the remote server .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  to   check
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if expression is an expression .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  parse the config file and returns a configuration object .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  remove requests that arent other .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  returns true if there are changed .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  guard against invalid nodes .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  fetches all log traceback from log files .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   null
truth:  log   log

test:  persist a member with a member of a user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  convert a tag name to a string .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  return   name
truth:  get   a

test:  return the return the current group .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a list of all the files found in the given directory .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: a torrent file in the database .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  run   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  determines if certificate is an expected certificate .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  gets the comment form through the comments/form .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return whether the status status of a creator creator creator .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  function returning a simple float .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  null   encoder
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a string into an array of tags .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphub can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all active vms for the given vms .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test creating a bucket .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  update collections subscribers .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a string of batches back into a string using string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   one
truth:  derive   one

test:  shares photos from a viewpoint viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  null   photos
truth:  null   a

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   undo
truth:  undo   undo

test:  return all available lighting devices .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  null   negation

test:  split the set of hosts into a list of hosts .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  split   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  get meta cached cached cached cached .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  limit   hosts
truth:  get   frappe

test:  load a file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  to   host
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   current

test:  return the number of seconds in a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  return   get
truth:  find   find

test:  computes multivariate simpson quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  multivariate   nodes
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  an unicode string .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  yield   null

test:  return all frames of the frames in a socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   read
truth:  convert   convert

test:  retrieve a signal from the given signal .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  return the service ssh request .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  make   view
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the stroke precision .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  inserts a new sql record for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  inserts   a

test:  returns the edxnotes id for a user .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  build   a
truth:  generated   returns

test:  make sure that line gets appropriate expressions can be compared .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  make   null

test:  converts a string value to a buffer .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test that the actual cat cat and chunk of the ndarray .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  test   test
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  converts a datetime to the native string .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  convert   datetime
truth:  converts   a

test:  context manager to temporarily add exception to $a$1:$b$1 .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  access   manager
truth:  save   current

test:  this is called by the portal when a local port .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  open   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a canvas parent .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   subroutine
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: ru -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a generic method to lookup a lookup class .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the largest polynomials of the prime polynomials in gf(p)[x]/(g) harmonic .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  get the contents of a given hybi .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  complete   options
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a #! object from the given processors .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  register   return
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the service for this service .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure a resource exists in the keystone resource can be created .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  decorate   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  sends an email to a task .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  send   emails
truth:  send   multipart

test:  checks if a particular ip address is a postscript integer or binary string .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return list of line ending .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  when a logging module logs .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  install   up
truth:  installs   null

test:  return the path to an existing directory .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   models
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the prefix is a valid string .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all urls linked to the given resource .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_processes is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  expand the configuration .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  do   override
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the given encoding points to be ascii .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  writes truncated seqs seqs to integer .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  url encode a python object with a default url .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  null   compat
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a bson double to python timestamp .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   article

test:  initialise module .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  load   request
truth:  null   handler

test:  osf logout logout .
truth: user logout . 
test:  complete   redirect
truth:  logout   logout

test:  compares the value as expected .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  finite   finite

test:  return true if a path is an hdfs:// match .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return rate per second from diff .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  deprecated   quaternion
truth:  return   difference

test:  retrieve project groups from project and return a dict .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  retrieve   create
truth:  gets   null

test:  image is a rendered order .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  return   create
truth:  null   null

test:  save image .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  process   process

test:  performs a simple external request .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  does an api factory to look up a authentication app .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if dataset is in dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  export   json
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  mocks a command from the given replication name .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  command   request
truth:  lookup   a

test:  only load this module if the os is available .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core with core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   a

test:  returns an absolute absolute uri for the given request .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   magic

test:  publish a set of pages from a list of pages .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  null   version
truth:  published   create

test:  delete the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  execute a ruby command with a given ruby ruby the version to parses from the command .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  output the blocks of a specific source file .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  upload   evaluation
truth:  null   dir

test:  returns a module .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  imports   function
truth:  null   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  package   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   load
truth:  null   library

test:  return a dict with the roles that apply to the given permission .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all releases matching the specified episode .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  get   release
truth:  return   return

test:  return server version from varnishd -v cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  return   version
truth:  installed   shows

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get summary step without shipping shipping method step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   user
truth:  tries   user

test:  adjust the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  tune   null
truth:  call   call

test:  use a fit_generator to find the dimensions of a given image .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  find   images
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create fastq fastq to live-update and key in the fasta list of fasta records .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  like   equivalent
truth:  makes   a

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  update user email in basket .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   user

test:  return a list of unique elements in order .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   translate
truth:  return   a

test:  an xri object allowing comparison of xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  normalizes   replaces
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  checks if the non-empty dyadic is moving or "final" .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the object from an object .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  count   get
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  return list of checker locales from path .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  look   a
truth:  load   locales

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  select options that would select a value from value .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  selects   a

test:  return the name of fuzzy module .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  takes   import
truth:  import   a

test:  helper function .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  log   channel

test:  compute greatest factorial factorization of f and return .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  shuts down the server and wait for the database .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  skip   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of all available minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   null
truth:  format   format

test:  set the cached content of the cached content .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  stores   stores

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   widen
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks for the correl and go into a tuple .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  find   calculate
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter tasks based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  rm a job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  fetches the rights for this exploration from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  load parameters from persistent file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  entry point to call a function in a transaction manner .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   +

test:  test updating the cache path when cache is deactivated .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  insert   data

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the first hour from the first segment .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  runs   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read a unsigned unsigned unsigned byte string .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   a

test:  create a new paste paste .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  build   view
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  display carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  outset   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure that the framed frame exists .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  log   a
truth:  null   frame

test:  add all breadcrumbs .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  add   new
truth:  registers   null

test:  return an abandon execution of an actionexecution execution .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  if   append
truth:  marks   execution

test:  check if the user is masquerading to allow for the student .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  used   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the error response to retrieve the error response .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  return   response
truth:  creates   a

test:  display a new review review changesets .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  catch   view
truth:  displays   null

test:  encode the given string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  reverse   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  print a list of cloudpipe .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  list   a
truth:  print   a

test:  set the mask for the current channel .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   show
truth:  set   set

test:  check the coverage images .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  null   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  release media descriptor object .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   block
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test help command for existing command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  passing   null
truth:  help   help

test:  create an image location .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  signed   a
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see table output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  loads the given template with the given name and context .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  restart the pulled on the docker-compose service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  command   service
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  try to dbfield data from fn without a field .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  check   json
truth:  try   fn

test:  view function that account password .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  read all multipart/form-data entries .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  null   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  return the permutation of a simple recurrence expansion of the recurrence grouping .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  build   a
truth:  detects   null

test:  add two strings .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  enable tab completion .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  enable   send
truth:  enables   readline

test:  rename a module source to standard occurrences of a module .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the cluster size for a cluster .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   cluster
truth:  extract   null

test:  check that we can fit a single estimators .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  modified   a
truth:  if   check

test:  expected backwards backwards compatibility function .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  null   create
truth:  return   n

test:  reverse function to safecharencode .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  function   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  base : base | base | base | base | base | base | base | base | base field_type base | base .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  null   null

test:  get the windows pdherr code .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a hash for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   member

test:  this creates an event on the database .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  data -> gzip encoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  encoded   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  removes a dataset from the specified dataset .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  subtract   a
truth:  purge   a

test:  extracts code from function name .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  code   code

test:  guess a password using the local guess .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   a

test:  set true if value was present in option .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  set   attributes
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file into a room .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return a tuple of the objects that contains the rdfvalue .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   a

test:  provide the salt auth .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  open   null
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the linear denoising denoising on a numpy image .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  null   tv

test:  convert an entry in the given file and returns an iterator .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a parsed return a tuple .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  to   add
truth:  function   function

test:  guess the object metadata .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  has   set
truth:  null   number

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  process a template into a file .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return the version string for the given version .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   implementation

test:  get pillar rules cli example: .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  parsed   get
truth:  return   a

test:  create an error code object .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  creates a command class .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   options

test:  generate random images for all the files in the given directories .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   number

test:  wrap a method so that it has a uniquely field .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this they a list or string .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  list   indexes
truth:  to   helper

test:  helper to convert relative to color space .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  return   rgb
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a join join from source .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert seconds since epoch into epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : blank newline | blank newline | blank newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  take a number from a string .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  =   function
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert string value to a bool string .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  value   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns true if a is a b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds additional parameters to the api but only uses the given settings .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  get   accepts
truth:  function   function

test:  read ctc data from a fiff file .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   mne
truth:  read   read

test:  accepts a batch of the given batch and returns a batch .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  null   run
truth:  add   a

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  needed   attempt
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  compile the dictionary containing the dictionary and properly files found in the dictionary .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  like   compile
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the data configuration of the device .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the environment variables used by the lookup python interpreter .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  to   object
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users form view shows the address as a project .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  edit   project
truth:  project   users

test:  update setting of a setting that has changed changed .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  used   notify
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a service on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  default   html

test:  make a minimal minimal point .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  simple entry point .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  null   password
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  copies the master transport to the master descriptor .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  copy   copy

test:  strips scaler row .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  indices   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  test multi-dimensional multi-dimensional text .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  null   connectivity
truth:  like   like

test:  check that the service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  apply   up
truth:  null   inverse

test:  removes the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  pad all the keys in dict to a method .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  pads   null

test:  fetches a log message from the log stack .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  authenticate   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  uses the case to parse the next node .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  split   path

test:  compute the padding of the alignment in order to use .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  byte   byte

test:  function that validates the most appropriate field of a field .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming distance .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  this function prepares a numerical message to extract the data from a line .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  convert   default
truth:  presents   null

test:  multi-class prediction of a single image .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  null   image
truth:  crops   null

test:  create a connection to the given url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  async version of events .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  update   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  disables   learning

test:  read the state data into a single tar pillar data and add it to the master .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in output state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   obj
truth:  set   a

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  used to unpickle cmditems .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  create   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  remove x from x .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   strip
truth:  return   cputime

test:  initialize the module .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  init   null
truth:  config   config

test:  returns a sum of difference between nodes .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  calculate   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  return the name of the codec name .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a bytes string of source to unicode string .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  using a few cleanup transform .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  to   activity
truth:  is   n

test:  generate a stream of the pem bytes .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  bytes   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  split a module into a module and add it to the module .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  like   a
truth:  create   a

test:  take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   dict
truth:  take   a

test:  retain vertical spacing before comments .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  shut   null
truth:  retain   null

test:  a generator that yields tokens and collect tokens .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  allows   serialize
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  perform the core test .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  test   properties
truth:  run   core

test:  label rgb colors .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  splits a string into multiple sub arrays .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  splits   null

test:  remove a resource .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  runs the given command with the given banner .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  yields all modules from the package and yields the resulting module .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the alternating communicability of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a default dict containing the first element of the given name and its indentation .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  download   version
truth:  used   null

test:  load observatory from given file and return the files .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  constructs   json
truth:  return   json

test:  handle a simple linear other than t .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  return list of all active games .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the version string .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a clsid .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  print   implementation
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  the s .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  is   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   instance
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if both paths and curve are the same .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  content   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get a numpy array from a stack .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   dask

test:  check that sos parameters are the correct index2 of sos coefficients .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  file   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  filter the unsigned maps maps from the already maps .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  read   ssh
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure that line comments are included correctly .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   test

test:  get data from the csv city .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  return current user instance .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the number of non-zero elements of a sequence .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   n
truth:  null   values

test:  run the discovery entry in the cache .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme; .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return the result of a jenkins tuple .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  null   try
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the effective debug level .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  retrieve   labels
truth:  is   null

test:  helper function to get an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get all pairs from pillar or a file cli example: .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  find a simple dictionary of tuples in a dictionary .
truth: s: string . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  string   string

test:  delete data from public api .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return information about the specified network device cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   media
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistentry object .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  parse   in
truth:  creates   a

test:  same as a lstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  pull out the tag that contains no broadcastable tags .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  map   dictionary
truth:  maps   maps

test:  create a gzip file .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  returns   equivalent
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost exists .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  cubic spline spline cli example: .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  null   color
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a list of all the requests requests .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  scan   vulnerabilities
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the physical unit mapping for a given unit .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  open a url to open the url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  run   prefix
truth:  opens   a

test:  return a record for domain .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  breaks   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract a mailcap file from an open file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  -   resource
truth:  create   create

test:  helper method to format the national number with the phone number .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  function   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  registers a string in the format of 383: html .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  register   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  enumerates the subsampled_tree addons routes .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  find the names of all the given header .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the value of confvar is between [0 .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  if   configures
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  normalizes a variable name .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  create true if the specified fast fast connect to the other methods .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  check   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks whether two iterators are equal .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  left   a
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a starts with empty strings .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  test   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  encode repr of bytes .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  to   obj
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the icon notification service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create an isolating connection .
truth: given a url . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  given   a

test:  retrieve all consistency groups belonging to a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a list of weighted values of the illusion without weights .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  adapted   compute
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get container diffs container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  if   run
truth:  port   port

test:  returns check check if check is a check .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  computes the maximum of an array along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : parameter_declaration .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  assign a color to a ansi string .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  null   color
truth:  generate   a

test:  do the tree .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  flips   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  mean absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  function   remove
truth:  considering   null

test:  the django server fails to access this django server .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   harvest

test:  this method is registered as ofp_error_code_to_str method into ryu .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  convert   method
truth:  null   method

test:  given a list of mapping strings .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  find   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  start command .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  show   test
truth:  let   null

test:  create an implementation of the type for the given interface .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  return   detach
truth:  create   a

test:  compares two polynomials using the dd-wrt test cases .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  docstring   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the corresponding corresponding portion of a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  show options for a test server .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  display   check
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to add or document .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the hex encoded format as per hex encoded string .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test reading set of channel positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks a message is a valid dictionary .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   window

test:  returns a new parameters from the given parameters .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a set of induced from the given bound .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply a facilitys handle to an alphabet object .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  null   update
truth:  breaks   up

test:  return a host string for a revision .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return file subscription subscription on provider .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  prepares   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return a callable that downloads a callable to a callable with the callable key .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  patch the cache-control header by adding it to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restore trashed from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing current directory ( .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  given two consecutive html batch .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  generates   html

test:  return a list of running running running running running running running running running running running running running running on the system .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  return   searches
truth:  running   running

test:  create the default lang instance .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  create   in
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to add a function to a package .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  indices   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the line number in the current line .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  formats a colorized as a colorized similarity percentage .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns a list of lines representing the indent ids .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  encoding   a
truth:  make   dict

test:  find a directory in the given path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   a

test:  routine to upload a request to perform http activity .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  null   null

test:  allow if any tables in meta from meta .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  processing   null
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set remote url to remote remote remote .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  clear   app
truth:  set   app

test:  response returned when a 303 is updated .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  null   page
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return geometryoutput information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  release a given repo .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  sample from a list of elements .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  sample   a

test:  validate a google storage bucket name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  check   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  convert a string representing a string for a given model id .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  compute polynomial gcd in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  self-serve a topic by currently mappings .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  behave   show
truth:  gives   null

test:  parse hive-site configuration file for a specific site .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   null

test:  extract metadata from a resource .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  run   accepts
truth:  add   documentation

test:  get the simplest paths of the given paths .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  given   check
truth:  given   a

test:  function that will use json encoded json object .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  unquote   json
truth:  null   null

test:  return the shrink tensor containing the x .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   x

test:  updates the completed database to include cart that support updates or cart .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  get   user
truth:  return   number

test:  this check ensures that normal correctly dont contain multiple constant .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  ensures   data
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten a list .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  a generator that creates a chunk of bytes from a stream object .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new server in a file .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  set up the generic generic configuration .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  perform   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised when wrong objects are wrong at the normally .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that samphub can accept links in successful .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  create a new user .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  returns   client
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function response response response has socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  socket   connect
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the named container can be attached to via the lxc-attach command path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  break   a
truth:  freeze   null

test:  returns a list of exploration explorations with the given language codes .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  catch: different base forms for basic elements .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  make   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  set meta data about the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  normalize contrast contrast .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  normalize   cleanup
truth:  null   contrast

test:  loads api keys for encoder .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   api
truth:  loads   null

test:  restore a file or directory on a user .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  are   null

test:  add tags to a resource cli examples: .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   tags
truth:  add   tags

test:  load mime content .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  load   load
truth:  file   file

test:  initialize the threads for threads .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   module
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  determine if a hash fields exists cli example: .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  if   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of attributes that contain attributes that are remove tend for attributes .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  function   assert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a named named named group .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this method returns the thread that the user can access to the given request .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  view   json
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts urls into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  test that we can construct support compatible editor .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  test   test

test:  generates a random string using alphanumeric characters .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  generates   a

test:  escape comparison in list that are found in list of involucro .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  subsequent arrays arrays .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  complete   request
truth:  complete   auth

test:  flood and receive packets at layer 2 prn: function applied to packets received .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  generate data from an array of arrays pairs .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  like   spatial
truth:  mean   mean

test:  fill the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  null   widen
truth:  null   chamber

test:  view function for handling 500 error .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  handles   item
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  single knowledge view view view .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  return the vm data that has been undefine cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  connect a new test connection and connect an l{iopump} .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  splits the datastore path at the datastore .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return the string representation of the pathname .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  transform   calls
truth:  null   null

test:  verifies for ajax methods .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  fixture that returns a root xml as root .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  xml   xml

test:  filter elements of an globalsfilter to a dictionary .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  keep   null

test:  the first func of a sequence .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  same as absolute .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  null   update
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  against against the repository in the repository .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  check   list
truth:  enable   enable

test:  sends the redirect response to the url and send the user .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  downloads   redirect
truth:  writes   a

test:  generates an unsorted pdf of xs .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  plots   a

test:  calculate the hac covariance matrix assumes we have a hac time series with consecutive parameters effect_size : int number of observations .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   statsmodels
truth:  null   null

test:  loads current notes .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  load   stop
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   users

test:  test if a list of options names .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  null   n
truth:  list   list

test:  path - /fs_id  .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   -
truth:  null   path

test:  view function which handles a user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  password   email
truth:  register   a

test:  puts() shouldnt output with env .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  force unified to be a command .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  show   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tokenize source source .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  convert   tokenize
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  gets registered registration from given node .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   redirect
truth:  gets   node

test:  helper function to execute one of the expression .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  null   a
truth:  try   try

test:  filters a list of table names by removing tables in the given table .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  use   object
truth:  remove   a

test:  generalized t rgb color basis .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  null   images
truth:  test   test

test:  results in the ora2 musicbrainz musicbrainz format as a string .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a tar .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  draw   create
truth:  generate   a

test:  disable the site from a site .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   helper
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the preferences polygon .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves the keys from a foreign foreign key .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  load navigation attributes on all makefiles nodes in the given document .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  adds   fix
truth:  replace   replace

test:  returns true if value is a uri .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  value   helper
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack progress filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  look for the command-line argument in the macro .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  get   encode
truth:  get   a

test:  tests to ensure the type gets passed correctly handles a type .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   test

test:  submit a step decorator to submit the views in the views .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  to   function
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create action instance .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   content
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  this creates a basically job .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  prepare   test
truth:  called   null

test:  serialize a file using a user-supplied format .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  serialize   version
truth:  serializes   null

test:  returns true if the gravatar has the specified gravatar url .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   use
truth:  ask   a

test:  set up the path to be used by 008 in tox .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  execute   lx
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set the default ruby .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  negative regression slope .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  execute a standard rule matches the given shifting .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  command   prints
truth:  execute   null

test:  check if the required root directory is running .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  null   error
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  give a model class .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a function to execute a template .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a kernel kernel name .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  turns   resources
truth:  importing   try

test:  test that the request has logged in the cookie .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  if   path
truth:  check   check

test:  get the current list of available families .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the uid is currently running .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  call   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  compute the truncated root function inplace .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  update column order of column .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  calculate   push
truth:  set   set

test:  test dipole min_dist in dipoles .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  io   mask
truth:  test   len

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list pool available cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  transform a relative function into the database .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  goes   description
truth:  given   null

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for ec2 configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without wrong is different at fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a path into components in a platform-neutral way .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  null   a
truth:  split   a

test:  check that all branches have the branches .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  if   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks to see if the exam has attained a exam exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests to component .
truth: match requests . 
test:  requests   information
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validates that value is true or none .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   value
truth:  validates   a

test:  replace special characters that are named .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  escape   string
truth:  escapes   <

test:  returns all ''pad sorted by transifex .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  list   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  split code into html code .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  split   matching
truth:  list   list

test:  return directly to cache .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  walk all subsets of dictionary .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  replace shape with the specified axis .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  fix   fixes
truth:  null   null

test:  test whether the document starts with the .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  return   return
truth:  block   block

test:  confirm that all inverse inverse have a list of all associated configuration files .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  test   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes directory to disk .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  open   signal
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one error .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  decorator that ensures that hosts gets called from list of env .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  use   null
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  return   return

test:  solves a general order symbols with a general order .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   app
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a network driver object .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the name of a tag .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  read crop for a fif file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  test a spatial example against an image .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the list of files inside the ninja plugin .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  correct surface where all links in a normal surf elements .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  compute   difference
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a strong replacing replacing reported .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load a file-like object from a file .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return a service_check .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  read url from file .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  read   read
truth:  given   null

test:  configure the celery app .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  fixture   update
truth:  configures   configures

test:  return whether the value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  confirm   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get file stats by path .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  file   return
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test to ensure the signature works as expected .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  package   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  raises a mckean-schrader if the config has no met or 0700 .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validate   helper
truth:  time   time

test:  generate a random cosine cosine of a series of -10 .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns a dict with keys of the given object .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes about about about a module from the given module .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  add a new song to the songs .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   utility
truth:  add   song

test:  convert appears into a range of tuple tuples .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a db cursor for reading .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   sql
truth:  return   a

test:  test when all inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning of the beginning .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   calls
truth:  test   test

test:  sets the custom changes that was last state of the job .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  changes   ip
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the featured activity reference to a given instance .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   a

test:  attribute for the function stub with the enumerated or mutes .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  to   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  read the creds .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  to   cache
truth:  to   connect

test:  check that get_debug_value does not throw a column that uses the column .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  read   read
truth:  null   null

test:  this method gets something that exists on the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  get   details
truth:  module   module

test:  replaces instances with a new 2-tuple of the end comment requirement: * mysql 5 .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  append   a

test:  runs the unit tests .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  run   print
truth:  get   get

test:  find the collections in the intenum .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  given   find
truth:  return   type

test:  converts a date string to a datetime instance .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  string   string

test:  returns featurewise norm of normal distribution at time series .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  normalize   x
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  return a right-stochastic representation of back-end atlas .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  it would return true if a course is enabled for the course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply linear operators .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  decorator to make sure the log query matches the log query .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given the params for the readout .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a finder module from a finder file .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  get   return
truth:  imports   imports

test:  represent an address as a packed packed packed using network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  removes users from the network device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  configures   users
truth:  removes   users

test:  make matched text text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  return the image root directory path .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  replace any string parts of a "deep .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  undo   a
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  get a html protocol name for a given server .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  store the configuration value .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  make   configuration
truth:  copies   copies

test:  return information about the specified job cli example: .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  get   a
truth:  block   block

test:  enable maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  cleanup   maintenance
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  verify if a signature has a signed certificate to verify that a given app .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  verify   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the url to the bootstrap theme css .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees handle to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  parses a number by globals() number in a string .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  trailing   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  builds a timedeltas entry from the given start entry .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   find

test:  set the multiplier around the multiplier at the multiplier inside the end .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  return a byte-string version of the given string .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path to the directory of the file or path .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  get files which have a gcode file type .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  pick   files
truth:  files   files

test:  test that no test .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  to   cache
truth:  run   testcase

test:  sends a server on the specified threads .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  server   a
truth:  request   multiple

test:  return a list with all coefficients of the binary elements specified in the tensorflow tensorflow .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load the module from a module .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  module   a
truth:  get   get

test:  check that list of warnings are the results of expected .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the users uid directory .
truth: return user name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   map
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  provide   null

test:  helper function to get any of the packages with a moving training .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  null   date
truth:  null   date

test:  get next double double double double double double value .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given integers 10 .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   compute
truth:  given   integers

test:  returns instructs managers for permission / user .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  get   elementwise
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a media_player after use decrement the media player system .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   media
truth:  set   movie

test:  convert an image into an array of highpass values .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the named service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   inverse

test:  update average average in clear() .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   metrics
truth:  update   update

test:  return the kvm location of the current linux distribution .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of available package tag .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  return   legacy
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   file
truth:  chop   a

test:  returns a list of collection links from the request as a dict .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  track states and offer events for calendars .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   service
truth:  track   states

test:  get the token token from the http body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns the line edges of the graph g .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  produce   edges

test:  this function return the number of range(n) in the case of the items of the second kind .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts arg to a string so that it can be used as one .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  formats a token in plain text .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  stopped   s
truth:  return   a

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  null   hash
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features from file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   feature

test:  breaks all values in sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  bytes   keys
truth:  empty   a

test:  flush to flush all emails .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  if   null
truth:  email   email

test:  blaze blaze expressions as a blaze expression .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  make   expr
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the estimated of an array along an axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   range

test:  entry point .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   entry

test:  check if specified port is none .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the scheme at url .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  to   null
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to check the given object by the given function .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  function   function
truth:  fake   fake

test:  compute the entropy of a entropy of one or more sets of the similarity of the activation function .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get the preferred preferred encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  get   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  compute the standard error of a random expression .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  returns   measure
truth:  null   deviation

test:  get github admin folder for github .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  provides   warnings
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function for for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  these are always in the output of the replacements .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the user from a group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  close   tag
truth:  remove   a

test:  transform a lowpass filter prototype to a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  calculates the tau tau tau given the list of pairs .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  track a function for running a command with sudo .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  create   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get package paths from package .
truth: given a package . 
test:  package   get
truth:  given   a

test:  return the placementgroup object .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a string to a string of bytes .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  input   number

test:  determine if a request should be given as a <perm>_<usermodulename> request .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  to   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a tuple of all the first item in the given string .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  to   try
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  issue   a

test:  return profile avatar .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check that the uuid for pay .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   json

test:  imports all modules in a module .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  to   try

test:  gear helix helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar command .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  send   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that triadic works correctly .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  fixture that creates a fixture to test params .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  check   a
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  download an s3 object from s3 file .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  start the grains from the pillar pillar pillar data .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  start   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a file system path to a tree format .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  list slack users belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  convert the ground domain of f(x) to a dict .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  a here to *n* an instance of self .
truth: version of node . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  null   version

test:  use queue using a queue or a queue queue .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  show   connect
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  decorator that adds headers to a view parameter for a response .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return rule rule from derive .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   derivative

test:  this decorator wraps the specified primary frame in the primary inclusion .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  computes the circular variance parameters of distribution parameters bins : ndarray the null hypothesis .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   increment
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  provides the parsed expression from ifname the list between ifname .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return true if a and b are the same .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range of lines from the range comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a function which will get server status profiles .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  install   server
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the expand hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  multiply   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller - could be used as person to allow searching for person location .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  requests   requests

test:  returns a list of welcome strings that can be used as the appropriate xml files .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  create   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  given a string to the ask system .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  updates   user
truth:  make   null

test:  ensure that the pillar has been curve correctly cause a previously set in ~/ .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  test   null
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  serve files or permissions to serve the specified files .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  view   null
truth:  is   null

test:  check if a collection exists without throwing an http request .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  post   post

test:  checks if a user exists cli example: .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  render aggregate default product of the locale .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  show   render
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  return yum information from private directory .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   component

test:  add stats that may be successful .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  adds   fn
truth:  add   add

test:  return a datetime object with utc date and utc time .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  returns   long
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  deletes an pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  start an running container name .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  raise   null

test:  apply the relu .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  integrate   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  determine the coords used for interpolating .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown a container rootfs mounting once it is spawned .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   teardown
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  extracts python source file containing python source and zip path .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  check an analytics type this only works on python 2 .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  check   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  generate the getifaddrs .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  to   ip
truth:  null   null

test:  take an post-signup task and uninstall it from the passed distribution .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  uninstall   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches all exploration in a memcache .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write a sff header header .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  converts a string into a tuple .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  lists   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  reads the users feed file for a given request .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  starts   enable
truth:  function   function

test:  display last error message .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  build   return
truth:  to   data

test:  dump a private key into a buffer encoded string encoded with the private string encoded with the type encoded cipher .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  return the number of rsa rsa key which the has been modified by the order .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  callback   sample
truth:  return   return

test:  test hashing hash behavior .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  test   accepts
truth:  evoked   test

test:  given a mapping of infiles .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  deletes a mount target .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  delete   attributes
truth:  deletes   null

test:  ensure all env groups have present .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  check   check
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  parse the standard dedicated .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all files on the remotes .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the url of an s3 bucket that has been configured .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  function   a
truth:  make   urls

test:  load an image from binary image .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  set   merge
truth:  features   features

test:  test that we have one icon .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  list   utility
truth:  null   null

test:  ticket edit .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  open tcp tcp server for resolving server .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  get the calltip code of source code at offset and offset .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two results of results into one dictionary .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  query   query

test:  set mysql collation setting for column .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  change   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  add lightening on each side of cage .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  check whether the element contains text .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  check   click
truth:  return   return

test:  build an ssl error from a string to make it into validation .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  check for log .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  look   null

test:  try to configured private coordination file .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  solves a compute b .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  extract   x

test:  return a string with tags stripped .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  null   split
truth:  return   a

test:  return the number of lines of lines in an iterator .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   counting

test:  post container to nagios container .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  to   object
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the given file .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   entities
truth:  detects   entities

test:  print the error report .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  report   print
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode a string encoded with all 2231 in rfc 2231 .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  null   decodes
truth:  string   string

test:  list all repositories within the repo .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  show a single globals() .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   a

test:  marks a view function as a view decorator for a given project project .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled prerequisites for the given course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that adds the specified geographic class to the given api class .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  used   a
truth:  use   use

test:  show the tenant status cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a batch of an axis with the given axis .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reads the fasta data from a binary file .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   data

test:  get raw file types .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the response is a head response .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  servicerecord add page .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   new

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   html
truth:  decodes   html

test:  test if cov is reorder of cov .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  ensures   assert
truth:  check   check

test:  quotes special characters .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   in

test:  return the datastore namespace attached to the namespace .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  validate   app

test:  extract all input keywords from mako nodes .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   messages
truth:  extract   messages

test:  test to make sure that the html writer will write to the html writer columns if the datatable columns columns columns columns columns columns of the datatable will columns from
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  dotted   test
truth:  to   test

test:  test a problem with equal labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   span
truth:  test   test

test:  configure the result of a given time .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  setting   sets
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   a

test:  get all installed packages in the given app .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   sync
truth:  sync   custom

test:  gets a account by name .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  setup z-wave sensors .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  given a value string .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the current host and partition it in the given string .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  format   null
truth:  host   host

test:  check that an 822 format is rfc 822 .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the default feedback feedback url for the given url .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  default   normalize
truth:  null   a

test:  fix some modules that come be added to a module .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  module   modules
truth:  add   a

test:  test the add htmls to the file .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  parse   sending
truth:  adding   test

test:  decrypt a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using a mode .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   generation
truth:  mask   generation

test:  convert the color -p .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   apply
truth:  convert   image

test:  return an dependencies of child relationship from the repository defined in the received repository manifest .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prints a message to stderr .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  print   function
truth:  needed   null

test:  take the arguments and redirect the resulting routes .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  return the local plugins in the directory .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add the disk size of the virt .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  extend   download
truth:  increase   image

test:  render a mako string as a file .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  this function finds the same items of two lists of all items in expected time .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  url   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  modify projections to query string .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks results of numpy and cupy are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  updates the configuration from a site config file .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  sync   a
truth:  update   a

test:  create an instance of a service .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns path to an messages for a module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  this function is called from the :mod:salt .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   datetime

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   check
truth:  disallow   os

test:  do a string escaped by a numpy array .
truth: if possible . 
test:  make   test
truth:  if   null

test:  converts arrays into a string suitable for historical do not use .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  return list of strings .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  takes   formats
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function will check if a backoff has any remains exception .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  retry   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns the product of a given product .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that any value in choices are choices in choices .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  like   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get integer as an int or int .
truth: get the int . 
test:  lookup   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the size of a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a date date format date into a python date .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  given   values

test:  gets context dictionary required by the edx tag .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  gets   href
truth:  extract   null

test:  a simple string to safely be overridden by a string .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  turns   like
truth:  truncates   null

test:  return a tuple of terminator .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  returns   task
truth:  return   return

test:  given a pool name .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  function   find
truth:  given   identity

test:  returns number of rounded addresses for the given number .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  round   method

test:  parse http header .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  override this function if called directly in a login jwt .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to compare two images .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  like   text
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns flavor image image key based on glance .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  create   in
truth:  extract   null

test:  return true if the named container is disabled .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  check   in
truth:  null   null

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  find   find
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a package or a version of the package .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  checking   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  this function returns a list of all the workers in the other .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a binary pdf with a given png converter .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  block   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  mark a value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  generates circle signal from a polygon .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  hash   matrices
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  merge a dense element of an element .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  removes   null

test:  generate a file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  like   serialize
truth:  process   process

test:  get the points[ .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  milestones is a document .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  mock module .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  context   null
truth:  place   a

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to preserve order of the original list .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  use   duplicates
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the size of the current system dimension .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  to   file
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the time in cpus .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  return   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  build an astroid list from the datasets .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  build   create
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: sitemonitor execute a sitemonitor build for the project .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  null   cigame
truth:  null   null

test:  release key in state .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  deletes   copies
truth:  remove   data

test:  takes an xml style dict and converts it into a dictionary .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  null   header
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  from issue issue #1912 .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  tag   a
truth:  is   null

test:  logs the redirect form and redirects to the login action .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  log   reset
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  parse pagerduty pagerduty .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return those results .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  grab   factory
truth:  execute   a

test:  plots a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  translate   adjust
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list all updates that have been installed via different command .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  import module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder when they dont have a folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  create an instance field from a field .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  least common multiple .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the vlan id associated with an interface .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  get   access
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the search in a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  search   search
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the tournament matrix of g .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  downloads the file from a given file into the given merge .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  download   tags
truth:  download   appstats

test:  creates a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  check the module metadata .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  checks   bootstrap
truth:  assert   assert

test:  print a string to stdout .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  s   s

test:  retrieve consistent tag from a person .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a remote host to a remote host .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  files   a
truth:  files   files

test:  returns a dictionary of home team stats .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  takes   attempt
truth:  parses   parses

test:  cotangent of the hex digits of a polynomial in the hex .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  turns   matrix
truth:  returns   a

test:  raised multiple windows arrays .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the desargues graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  frees the list available audio output output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  adjust   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  always return the longest ones of the given list of values .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  return   f
truth:  null   alias

test:  maximum absolute difference between [0 .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the search rank from the rights .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a capabilities list from a list of capabilities .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  return prior information for the repository via repository .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  start : start .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  null   statements
truth:  start   start

test:  use paramiko to disable paramiko buffer .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  use   null
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  decorator to wrap a function around a viewfinder exceptions .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  adds indentation to a option-parser field .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a dataset from a volume .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   null

test:  group the keys by an iterator .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  ensure that value is a json string .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  value   value
truth:  return   a

test:  edits a set of module rmdir .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  if   completion
truth:  null   completion

test:  helper function that returns an iterator over the iterable .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  escape   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  nesting a dictionary to all the modules in a dictionary .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  object   set
truth:  disable   null

test:  get a list of users that differ between tracks .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  list   usage
truth:  get   get

test:  this function checks if on fqdn .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  queries   ifconfig
truth:  check   check

test:  get a value of the linux sysctl key .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a replacement from a pwd pwd .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  sets a due date extension for a student on a particular unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a default linestyle accepts .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  test rocaucchannel and monitor multiple files .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get inset loop .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  test io of io files .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   default
truth:  io   io

test:  accepts a string and a acts object .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the edit or a bridge .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a users activity activity .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  computes the simple approximation of a b = 1 .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  put   matrix
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  inserting again will not cause any errors from the next update for this process .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  downloading   null
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a html message with the given banner .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   create

test:  l2 distance between an image and y .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  indices   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get data from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  create a volume group by using the block special devices .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  create   a

test:  tries to remove a single alias/target .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  to   number
truth:  null   null

test:  the largest integer size of the elements .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   size

test:  disable the named sysv service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  ensures   enable
truth:  disable   null

test:  return bookmark volume info for a user .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  returns   enable
truth:  return   data

test:  get the geometry directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  register ovs c{class} .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  retry the received snapshot of a repository .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  resolving   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for this metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  create   a

test:  when a signal handler runs a signal .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  context   context

test:  send a master task .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  updates   task
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if any of the node in the given node context .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  cleans   apply
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   volume

test:  create a list with a colorscale that returns a colorscale with a colorscale class .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  make   decodes
truth:  makes   a

test:  get average tau .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  determine whether we should recreate the given date .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  export   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a compiled attribute .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  convert to ansi object .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that selectionchanged does nothing raise an attribute of the event when the key is set to the test .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  return the region code for the current region .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get list of active conferences .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  retrieve   sort
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a httpresponse for the given engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  does there have a files identical .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  convert an object to an object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check the offset in the input offset .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   offsets

test:  return list of extensions for this extension extensions .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  split a filename or a file of eg eg cant be used as a list of strings or none .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  fixture   file
truth:  converts   a

test:  register a regular expression .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  pause   chain
truth:  does   null

test:  main function to install the handler required by this page .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  execute   config
truth:  handle   a

test:  get a dask from the passed in update-rc .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  import   up
truth:  null   a

test:  fetch the gravatar email for a specified email .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the estimated of the minimum value along an array .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  revoke the challenge in the database .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  called   null
truth:  revoke   null

test:  dump a debug message to stderr .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  use   change
truth:  logs   a

test:  clears the cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  calculates the size of a binary string .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  get   a
truth:  turns   null

test:  decorator that adds threading to be used with arbitrary arguments .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  html page index for videos .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all users from a site .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  translated   a
truth:  get   get

test:  compute a matrix exponential using the knuths on a non-negative cipher .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a fake team .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make plugin available via plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  computes the inverse of a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  true if this node is an abstract method .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   point
truth:  point   point

test:  aux function .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if a setting has a required settings for a corresponding settings .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  check   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates an oauthtoken .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  takes a tableau .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  start   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts text to native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  convert   decode
truth:  takes   null

test:  reorders the random maximum seed .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves dyadic = quadratic ternary form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  splits kinds by kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  splits   install
truth:  null   null

test:  find the best match for a mime-type with the highest quality name matching the media-ranges list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  find   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the relayiplist list for the smtp virtual server .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  determine   apply
truth:  get   get

test:  return random string of text and length of the text .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  text   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of the configured services that are available by the current services .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  return   service
truth:  null   null

test:  get the circle nodes from circle nodes .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace any special characters which is actually toy .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  is   null

test:  sanity check that it can be used as a string .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  input   input

test:  check that the user has access to this trigger .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  detect fallocate to use a file for windows .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   disk

test:  convert a list of properties into a tuple .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  all pages .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   pages

test:  copy an archive file .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   method
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the box on the given ifname on the ifname ifname .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the external tree to xml .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  link   link

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  you get a simple role by the transfer .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  is   names
truth:  get   role

test:  create a new cache-control cache-control .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ping an entry handler when we have a single entry .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  updates   encoding
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test installing from a wheel file .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create an mongo sharejs from a node or private key .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  get   a
truth:  format   format

test:  automatically creates a post .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs sha .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   a

test:  provides true if the target directory is an ovs feasible .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  get   install
truth:  determine   null

test:  create the proper location .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test handling of event ordering .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   event
truth:  test   event

test:  remove tidy from the trace .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  remove   find
truth:  clean   up

test:  decorator that returns a list of all hosts in the given list of hosts .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  to   a
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  get all virtual_interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns link class from page .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if we can resize contained file .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  update dstpath xml from dstpath as dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the onkyo sensors .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  search a l-p for use in sha256 .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  check the configuration of the current default config file .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  if   details
truth:  config   config

test:  auto-populate auto-populate and configure proxy .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  configure   message
truth:  create   create

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the first kind .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  null   numbers

test:  convert a value to a unit version string .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  unpack a matrix from bti file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  create a bytestring object from the specified data .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test working copy when sudo is sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  working   test
truth:  working   working

test:  append an http token to the given token .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  url   implementation
truth:  appends   appends

test:  ajax preview of posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  null   unit
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   copyright
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  usage: {{ dictionary|at:key}} .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  to   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the column names from column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  safely use a bytes to convert a bytes string .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  returns the datadir locs in pypi .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  return   view
truth:  finds   null

test:  converts a url to a url by urls .
truth: given a url . 
test:  use   null
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a blob from the cloud provider .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  create configuration percentage from server .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  create   configuration

test:  start geonode .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  help   null
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from scaleway concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  performs the tree distance matrix .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the circular variance of a violin plot .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  search   media
truth:  fft   fft

test:  create a class from a module name .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  small example of the solution for solution .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  show   a
truth:  if   check

test:  encode a stream from a stream and deserializes the data structure .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  template   null
truth:  return   x

test:  view function for getting a user .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  authenticate   signal
truth:  performs   null

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  compute   change
truth:  change   change

test:  only work on gentoo systems with layman installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  work   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  sends a message to the next exceptions .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  to   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that latex is using latex .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  return   create
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  creates a diagonal matrix from the flattened vector .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find a single edge boundary .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  edge   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if url is running or later .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  get a fixed ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  tests what gets compiled correctly when variable is applied .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   test

test:  compute functional composition f(g) .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  test a lazyobject of static encoding .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  check that the grayscale worktree is installed .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch the public key from a repository .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get the loops going through a loop .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  get   a
truth:  loops   loops

test:  view function that allow user to logout .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  load   matches
truth:  view   view

test:  this function creates an ascii string containing bad character .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   one
truth:  convert   convert

test:  utility function to test if we can connect to a metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   return

test:  compute the l2 norm of f(x) wrt lim = a in x_0 .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  switch value to switch of gaussian distribution .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  calculates   null

test:  escape the keys in jinja mode .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  generate shortest shortest paths between graph .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   registered
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  builds a json object .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  to   update
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   return
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  create a tarball in the given file-like object from the given file-like object .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper method for the given state .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  get list of all known devices cli example: .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  reverse   export
truth:  known   get

test:  average true range .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find the nearest parent of a node .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  returns the list of all files in the given test directory .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return metadata as a resamples object .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  updates email preferences for given user .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  if   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  given a list of 1s and remove first string .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  split   split
truth:  separate   null

test:  returns a suite from a list of tag names .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  elementwise shape function .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  function   x
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for messageprocessor methods .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   a

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  runs   work
truth:  load   load

test:  a utility method to sort the child classes in a given list of nested lists .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  traverse   version
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  del a lease .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  del   null
truth:  called   null

test:  get the absolute file from a directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  execute art where we find share/jupyter/hub .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  return   equivalent
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  converts the given string to an internationalized hash .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix if a value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of available compression classes .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  get   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute content and the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  provides   content
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  if it does not exist .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode string into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  working   null
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  generate a secure .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  verbose   add
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  create a new theme .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  test   a
truth:  link   link

test:  returns program which takes a given path .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  takes   program
truth:  find   find

test:  return human readable size of human readable bytes .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  round   null
truth:  print   sizes

test:  generate a hash containing the current local node .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the squared central central central .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a res/templates which patches to use inside a directory of _format_mapdict .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  require   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a vector to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  write the source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a number into m+:ss integers .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve all process entries of a given process .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  process   null
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function for integer within a string .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  tickets view .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  null   view
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  compresses data using given gzip string .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   return

test:  render the template_file .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   render

test:  convert correlation function to polar harmonic harmonic oscillator in harmonic .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  finds   function
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new queue with the private key which is created when a model .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  overrides   models
truth:  works   works

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a taxon version of the python source string .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a list of zone reference to a list of points .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   attribute
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  checks that the request matches the given whitelist .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  let   log
truth:  log   log

test:  create a template with a file from the given context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  template   utility
truth:  render   a

test:  setup cover controlled by shell devices .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  set   attributes
truth:  find   find

test:  return the last argument of a list .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  function   sum
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test rl_beginning_of_line without end of the line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   rl_beginning_of_line
truth:  test   test

test:  close all tunnel data .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic custom epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return true if locale wants to contextual in the locale .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  show   locale
truth:  return   locale

test:  prediction prediction of float numbers of length 3 into sparse activations .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  classify   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  escape   load
truth:  null   null

test:  writes the given string to the root window .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  write   null
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get the current movie time .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  print a page to an object .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  pull   null
truth:  write   html

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of available compression methods cli example: .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  list   update
truth:  lists   database

test:  check that a forwards schema exists in verifying mode .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   data

test:  a no-op function .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  start   functions
truth:  shuts   null

test:  returns true if the given date matches the specified date .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   expression

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  logs a dylib .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  load this state if the win_lgpo module exists .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  utility function that yields a single sentence with stats from the given lorem list .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap a monkey-patch class to retrieve the properties of a python object .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  helper function for the scale .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  null   multiplication
truth:  null   null

test:  move widgets to a widget .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   edit
truth:  moving   handle

test:  scale the image using the media media color .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  scaling   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  if nbt contains a dag .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  null   put
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a list of brands when brands to list of brands .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   convenience

test:  serialize an inventory dict to a python inventory .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  emulate   python
truth:  turn   a

test:  fill the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  outset   null
truth:  alteration   a

test:  print a formatted string to stdout .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  print   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete an access credentials cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the indication .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  removes a job with the given jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  determine if the word is at the word given .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  write all data to a descriptor or socket file .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  encode a dbref .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   filters
truth:  encode   bson

test:  usage: dbref(3) this lock type .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  tests that project reserved reserved is built correctly .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  null   test
truth:  projects   projects

test:  validate the email address .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the locate database cli example: .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  start   information
truth:  test   configuration

test:  return the name of the strength strength .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack an archive .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  filename   filename

test:  updates or update a volume type .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  null   update
truth:  update   volume

test:  to configure the amount of the users to use for this mtime .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  this is just a copy of the create_object() function .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  pause a message .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  show   a
truth:  test   test

test:  executes the load balancer example: .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  compute norm of a symmetric matrix immune .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  null   norm

test:  input an option which has been custom option .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  look   diff
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this method is used in a paste configuration for testing .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  converts a numpy array into a bit compatible byte array .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set request for the current user .
truth: set g . 
test:  get   document
truth:  set   g

test:  ensure that a dataset is running .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   info
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  flushes packlonglist of our osf in the current context .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  to   back
truth:  null   handler

test:  return memory usage in bytes .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  get   github
truth:  return   memory

test:  python 3 compatible encoding .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  if   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  set the security group on a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  mount the file access to the user .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the thumbnail path specified in the thumbnail .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return long description of a long description .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the regexp type .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   safety

test:  replace all .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  build   a
truth:  convert   binary

test:  returns the non-zero items of the alphabet .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  implement   normalize
truth:  null   null

test:  tries to return the weighted weighted cost for g .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate the path to the binary file .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return uniform with alphabet for uniform distribution parameters .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  rotate   angle
truth:  null   distribution

test:  serialize obj to json so that it can be embedded safely inside json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  encoding   json
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  get   a

test:  download a front cover art for a release .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  download   download

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  adds a indentation to the system number of levels .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  text   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a deferred that connects to a given host .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  return   method
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  rq command sub error .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  command   bench
truth:  null   tools

test:  get all dependencies of all dependencies from the database via id .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  imports the module .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  import   a

test:  test bayesian info criterion from bayesian criterion .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with the series/index ends with each string in the series/index .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  boolean   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure that we get tuple of strings .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  generate kindofgarch sample from an generates generates a kindofgarch sample from an n-d process parameters ar : array_like probabilities : float value of white ressource coefficients : float estimate :
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove whitespace from a name .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  enroll a student in students already create a student .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  return   task
truth:  enroll   a

test:  returns a thread with a thread and stores the ajax admin thread .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  view   view

test:  creates a path from an object .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the first item in a sequence .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if a given command runs the given application .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  determine   command
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates comments from parent in permission .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  add   child
truth:  update   update

test:  return useful information from a rss polynomial .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   rss

test:  get data from hdf5 files .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  get   data
truth:  to   helper

test:  reads all namespaces with the global location .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  adds   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  install a paypal prefix .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  install   python
truth:  require   conda

test:  create a fake locale to be updated with the given value .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  registers an admin extension .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   extension

test:  time using a plot in a layer with some data .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  load   calculate
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  text   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  added module to files .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  parse   filename
truth:  if   check

test:  returns true if the xmodule linked to the user-agent user-agent .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  close   returns
truth:  set   set

test:  checks if the address is a valid format .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns the string with all character stripped .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reinstall rvm rvm rvm ruby the ruby version of the ruby to install the ruby to remove runas the ruby version of the ruby version .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  install   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a dns rdata text into text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validates that data reading a string reading .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   sensors

test:  use this function .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  set   galaxy_test_file_dir
truth:  track   track

test:  api to handle service hooks from github system .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  parse   github
truth:  to   api

test:  generate choices choice from values list of choices .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   pricing
truth:  null   builder

test:  get sqs currently set on an ec2 instance .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  show a user as a group .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  convert qubit matrix to the qubit matrix .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns true if value is a boolean and looks like it .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  do   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a file to the system readline .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  save   null

test:  given an parameter .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  look   null

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: dry abort dry reports with dry in the console hierarchy .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   compression
truth:  null   null

test:  return what state of bulk build jail jail jail cli example: .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  build   null
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform a sax parse of the _tostan parse tree .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system (same as os .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the score values from the courseware api .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strips leading and trailing whitespace .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert iterable to tuples .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters by source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  elementwise sin function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  elementwise   returns
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  strip a query from the given word .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  return   word
truth:  query   query

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  validates a validator value .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  goes   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  send   accepts
truth:  send   send

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a report class that prints a warning with a normal api type .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  report   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  a simple wrapper to provide a single hook to it .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  null   percentage
truth:  wrap   a

test:  return the class name .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   a

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get information about a cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  create   a
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  add an http queries to the url .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  adds   lookup
truth:  add   auth

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  check that a plotly graph is a graph .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  function   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  creates a linear transform with the given weights .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  temperature   key
truth:  shared   theano

test:  extract a set of tree tree from a string of center .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  make   return
truth:  builds   a

test:  returns a dictionary mapping categories names to categories based on the given database .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  return   categories
truth:  return   return

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   null
truth:  seek   null

test:  escape & .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  text   a
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  computes   null

test:  send a file-like object to a specific metric .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   data

test:  purge a organization from the database .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  purge   null

test:  remove users with user related users .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  separates   users

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   implementation
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if a virtualserver load balancer cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  convert the object into a marshallable type .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a repository decompresses dictionary .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  null   a
truth:  called   null

test:  generates the sample power of n elements .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  null   order
truth:  function   function

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute shortest path lengths between source and all other nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a field path .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  given   a
truth:  take   a

test:  set a single stub for the given host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  get   null
truth:  simulates   null

test:  creates a new tenants cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to detect if csp policies specified in the csp policies .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  convert a long integer representing the number of seconds .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   price

test:  try to apply all the kernel layout .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  grab   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a list of n random numbers .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  builds   -
truth:  null   size

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? ? ? or in looking for i/o i/o .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   null
truth:  are   null

test:  get a filedigest to assign from a nested fuse .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  command   function
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : expression %prec expression .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is a code object .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm service prompt section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  updating   request
truth:  null   service

test:  turn an object into a containing that the shape of expr .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  decodes   set
truth:  null   shape

test:  sample : prediction from child 1-hot 1-hot .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  default page found in jinja2 .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  show legend .
truth: map command . 
test:  run   show
truth:  command   command

test:  a context manager to restart the cli cli tool .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  install   null
truth:  handle   irc

test:  group a list of tuples by a nested vector .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  flatten   measurement
truth:  finds   null

test:  fake function to format the html arguments into a string that doesnt use to support qpointf .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  takes   format
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  use a vpc by name .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  expand   checks
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract javascript msgids msgids from the http header string .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   message

test:  horizontal zeros by scaling .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  handles   scale
truth:  makes   null

test:  create an instance of a possibly image .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get a new session object .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read a sequence of urls in the slope .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  computes   header
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the user preference for the specified user .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  renders   delete
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get text that may include pager .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  set   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  return the hashable status by the current modified table .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  raise a warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  return a file in a and b .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the such that each of the given executable can be not be small .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  check   optional
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create the synchronization model .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  dimension   create
truth:  given   a

test:  loads imports from modules .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  test   null
truth:  code   code

test:  list roles available for {}with .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  cache   list
truth:  list   list

test:  print the string with the current language code .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  load   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test the corrmat function .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   connectivity
truth:  test   test

test:  get the full path of a binary file .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  return   a

test:  place an order by specified amount rather than specified order .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   matrix
truth:  place   place

test:  detach an aws policy .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  given   a
truth:  detach   detach

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the wunderground component .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  config   config

test:  class decorator that injects the decorated class with the given class .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a volume .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  produce a clause between predicate .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get request to use in order to obtain github than github api .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  list   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  turns raw content into a password with the provided password so that the content can be suitable for the provided password can be suitable for the password can be found
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  backend   null
truth:  format   format

test:  common init ip .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  list   apply
truth:  null   null

test:  makes sure that ignored with ignored attributes are present .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  return   default
truth:  null   multiple

test:  returns list of disk devices .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  run   output
truth:  get   get

test:  return the trace from the trace .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a forwards forwards .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  compile a file into a list of arguments .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  export   a
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification with purchase invoice link .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  send   notification

test:  show all configured ntp configuration files cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   server
truth:  return   a

test:  updates the task accepted by printing pending task objects .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  updates   student
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the view .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  import   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  this function does nothing on a tgrep2 node where a tgrep2 node ends in a tgrep2 search .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  return true if the running windows windows was invalid .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  view function that handles a forgot password .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  like expr .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  consume   a
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  symbolic symbolic path for a given file .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  gives   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  we move a set of contact directories that are child than card .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  lift   map
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns the scheduler entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  execute a command .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  execute   list
truth:  execute   a

test:  used internally to construct a null vector assumes that line ends in at the beginning of a time .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  used   function

test:  test that the base editor works .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  make   filter
truth:  tests   editor

test:  create a default gcs bucket for the given bucket .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  create   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of sets of the prefix in the given list of values .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  test reconstruction where and assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   filter
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  writes debug messages to stderr .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  logs   warnings
truth:  print   a

test:  solve each inverse of source time .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   indexes
truth:  induced   compute

test:  returns a network such that has 2 subsets of size bits .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  build   a
truth:  flip   a

test:  helper method which escapes the secret of the secret .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  mask   filter
truth:  null   null

test:  attempts to determine the process for a given pid .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  to   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  view to add a comment can add a comment .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  ip   request
truth:  adds   new

test:  converts an integer to a string that doesnt want to ascii escaping .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  convert   url
truth:  transform   transform

test:  this encodes a str containing non-utf8 bytes into a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  convert   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  create a schema from the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  sets   test
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a wsgi application script .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  make   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  return the power of an perspective .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  limit   limit

test:  login callback which invokes the perspective on the perspective .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  query   output
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick the disk driver driver name .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  if   configurations
truth:  pick   pick

test:  model a typo segments .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  check   a
truth:  model   a

test:  set value in dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  null   value
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the image label .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   image

test:  remove playlists from playlist .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  move   use
truth:  delete   a

test:  setup redis pools for redis ones .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  starts   null

test:  converts a list of strings to a list .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  generate a list of fields for auto fields .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  documents the resource action .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  returns the cache object .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if salt job id is enabled .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  grab   undo
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a symbol and a tuple of mappings .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  like   a
truth:  split   split

test:  publish a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  get   a
truth:  publish   messages

test:  the character should give the same column as the commentedheader parameter .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   a

test:  restores a config zip file back to place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  pop   create
truth:  restores   a

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a regular expression pattern matching the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  creates a edge connectivity from an undirected graph g .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   digraph

test:  returns the support for the implementation .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a 404 response with a http '500 status .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  search this function for windows .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  expects   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all the ext/thirdparty dictionary .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  load a plain encoded keyfile file .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  load   return
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative axes .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  checks if a user is matching the password database .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  download a web server at login in uuid .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  view   default
truth:  request   permission

test:  check whether a tool looks like a checker .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   vpc
truth:  given   vpc

test:  loads config file from a file .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  load   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  send a message to a direct frame .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  filename   calculate
truth:  null   frame

test:  list all catalogs in 'catalog' .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  show the cassandra version of a cassandra cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  show   show

test:  convert an text into cartesian nodes of a document .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  get   compare
truth:  find   find

test:  upgrade all python setuptools .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  null   null

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required module available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  create an index dictionary from plotly .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   create
truth:  index   index

test:  return the correct address for the given address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns a list of cron or sort depending on the specified user .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   replacement

test:  verifies that the ip address is custom .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  initialize   verifies
truth:  verify   users

test:  print an error message followed by an indented server .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a monitor .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets a data field from a mako code .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  gets   python
truth:  parse   data

test:  gets the version string for the sdk .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  confirm that we can convert a color to a color .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this method updates the data set by cmd from the query string into a flat dict .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  translate   key
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-50 model of v2 model .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  return   model
truth:  model   model

test:  ensure the specified 'allprofiles' is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  ensure   service
truth:  enable   enable

test:  uploads a application from the configurations directory .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  deploy   move
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  context manager to write log file into log .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adds the headers to the vary api to the vary config file .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  make   headers
truth:  adds   null

test:  process the given url by loading the hidsums to the console via the proxy process .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  translate   return
truth:  opens   a

test:  waits for the login to reach a remote host .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  make   multiple

test:  return metadata associated with an image .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  see :class:deletes3keys .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return all the directories under the given environment .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   return

test:  read a reflog file .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check the file upload filename to see if the file has the permissions to run in .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  adding   check
truth:  adding   check

test:  compile a function .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a line number from salt_chars to p2 .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  to   difference
truth:  null   null

test:  compute fourier transform .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  converts a bcd value to a bcd value .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  to   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a utc size of any en-us size into a .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  given   null
truth:  fixed   null

test:  return the mixing matrix of g .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  checks if a list contains a plural placeholder .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  given   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  compute squared kernel between two arrays .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   product

test:  takes a list of expected arguments and sorts them in text .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  return   code
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the bus number of a scsi scsi .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  complete   a
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the minkowski distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  demonstrate to make sure the systems unit is completely imports to another program when no default .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   python

test:  return a list of country country country country .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  diff   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  multi-dimensional convolve correlation function .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  calculate   correlation
truth:  null   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   use
truth:  list   list

test:  read samples in a file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   start
truth:  read   data

test:  contrast or restriction matrix parameters nm : ndarray .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  null   contrast

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  perform a string within a given cache or 1000 click .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple page .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  null   view
truth:  run   security

test:  take a datetime object from a datetime string .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager that creates a default app .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  default   contextmanager
truth:  default   default

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc encodes a bytes string .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  null   null

test:  determine the grade grade grade as a string .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate that title is a string string .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  value   =
truth:  null   validator

test:  find all explorations .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  search   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  registers a mimetype handler .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  delete all matching statements required by the containers required by the required process .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  function   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return source location .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  check   null
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  true if a file exists on the device .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  map   a
truth:  return   return

test:  build a list of all the sql statement .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  is   a
truth:  print   print

test:  retrieves the reverse partition of a function .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a slug list from a raw name .
truth: get slug . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   slug

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students in an s3 bucket and upload the csv to an s3 bucket bucket .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the http url at the given url and ttl .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  write   a
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  changes compatible taxa between values and capture us strings to others .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the slice attribute dictionary and element id to the decimal decimal .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  compute a computenode computenode on a breadth-first entry .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  like   like

test:  set the locator of a contour .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve instance type access for flavor .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  returns true if a file is a getcfs .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  filter   changes
truth:  caches   caches

test:  find search by name .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   find
truth:  search   search

test:  separate top-level lines with two blank lines .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   null
truth:  separate   null

test:  configure configure image and calls it on a remote server .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  called   attributes
truth:  see   null

test:  compute the failure code for a given string .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   code
truth:  contained   code

test:  create a private key from a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  tests the calculate the vim diff between the min_zero introduced .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  test   images
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a spatially which should be used by the entire configurable .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an integer into a datetime object .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  adds the headers to the vary api to the given response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  make   checks
truth:  adds   null

test:  group nested by values by values .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  config   keys
truth:  null   a

test:  randomly generated random game .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a vlan to be rendered in a vlan to ensure the vlan flag .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  use   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this property .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the global options used for web access .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to see if a path exists cli example: .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  converts a string to unicode strings .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  return   use
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the control segment of a control directory .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  extracts a list of keywords .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  string   a
truth:  get   get

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  restart   restart

test:  a test function to use the test requests .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  set   a
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator to register a method or a decorator that converts a method into a kind .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  used   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  where the operation of the ssh server is available .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  does   a
truth:  return   operation

test:  check that the wheel is running or it is .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  list   default
truth:  return   a

test:  class decorator .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a dict containing all task statuses e .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  try to serialize the fnpickle object .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  provides a rule to check the difference of a rule .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get the iplayer from a packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  get   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the version of the proxy .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the existence of an interface .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  vertically test case .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  use   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  in python 3 .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  displays   print
truth:  testing   testing

test:  updates user asset asset in .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  null   put
truth:  update   update

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  set up the global ui .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  creates   null

test:  skip test decorator .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  -- whether http server is successfully to a http response .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the conf_file modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds the given revision for the derived package .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  return   null
truth:  package   package

test:  return what gets the cache group with the specified subnet group .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new dtype with the given type .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  merges   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns language .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  to   function
truth:  translated   returns

test:  in-neck pattern .
truth: advance block . 
test:  close   null
truth:  block   block

test:  test event handling .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   event
truth:  test   test

test:  a demonstration of pythons modules .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  list   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  write third-party code to xml .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   null
truth:  output   output

test:  get the number of available user has completed the service name .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  have   null

test:  get a defining response .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  get   info
truth:  return   a

test:  sign a string v2 v2 v2 .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  get a group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   group
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  take a set of item types .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite cardinal interpolation interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  wrapper of invoke .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  run   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  list   a
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates an old quota group cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  update   a

test:  returns the filename containing the profile image name .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the users login module according to the configured local version of sfdisk .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  reload the cached time zone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 is a multiple of 0 .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   images
truth:  check   precision

test:  decorator: renders a method or a class that does nothing to look at the end of a decorator: .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  translate a shell-like pattern to a regular expression pattern .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return true if py is installed .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  exit [<code>] exits twill with python 3 .
truth: internal function . 
test:  run   exit
truth:  function   function

test:  read a string from the given file name and return its display .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  return   a
truth:  string   string

test:  logs out the login with the view .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adapted version of djangos .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   a
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set a value in the make .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  set   set
truth:  value   value

test:  raises an exception if the supplied datastore .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  check for import tests .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  fetches information on a specific user cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  unblock   a
truth:  block   a

test:  replace the file from a container .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  store   null
truth:  set   metadata

test:  gram-schmidt-like decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   w

test:  if the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex polygon .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  concatenate all matching sa .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  djangos   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  write from a files to files .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  test   a
truth:  export   export

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  apply a filter .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  computes metadata for the start and slope from the metadata header .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   image

test:  maximum sum of array elements of an axis .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the debugger link by instantiating the main loop by instantiating its link in the subprocess subprocess .
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  renders the rendered widget to the desired admin widget .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  complete   context
truth:  render   a

test:  private function to list contents of a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   delete
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels in python 3 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return file size in bytes .
truth: formats size . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  return a list of all of the quota attributes .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  list   return
truth:  list   quotas

test:  converts a list of at the end of the given string .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  invalidate   duplicate
truth:  -   -

test:  check the string for use in rendering .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  use   null
truth:  check   google

test:  try to pretty printing out the default .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  close   scheme
truth:  if   null

test:  update a session plot .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  null   request
truth:  update   update

test:  list all the configured layers layers cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  return   load
truth:  returns   a

test:  vectorized version of partial tool with respect to the zeros of partial convolution tool is positive .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  null   regression

test:  updates the nested dictionary of the nested dictionaries in the nested dictionary .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  update   entry
truth:  nested   update

test:  set the list of assignment cohorts .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns the product of the ec2 of the second kind .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  create an public certificates for use in configuring calls .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  return   rpc
truth:  get   get

test:  store media files and files from document .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  delete   data
truth:  store   store

test:  helper to morph using sparse matrix .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  test installing a local directory for a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  method to run the given stream .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  split the keyword argument into a set of possible keyword arguments .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  parse   re
truth:  split   a

test:  delete a security group cli examples: .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns true if the possible possible to query from an possible node .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  if   null

test:  writes message to stdout and css files .
truth: output a string . 
test:  log   warning
truth:  output   a

test:  determine the users root directory .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  determine   create
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance playback title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   vlm_media
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  merge two entries into a single tree path .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  take   usage
truth:  merge   merge

test:  print a del name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  return   return
truth:  resolve   a

test:  return a unique file name for name .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  iterate over a state-action .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  takes   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   get

test:  verifies that the named cron job is absent .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a tuple of fully-qualified frame from a graph .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  return   regression
truth:  get   a

test:  parse the iers line and return a string .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  deprecated   version
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the list of details from the local version .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the command line .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns the path to the c{class} dir for a profiler .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  transform a polynomial into past .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the openlabs script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a proxy function that is used to iterate the current user .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   queries
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such that we have been containers .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  a function that tests a time value .
truth: run some function . 
test:  func   null
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the available sensor platform .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a native set into a python list object .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  search ddir ddir for the given user or --target device file .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  load   a
truth:  get   system

test:  list floating ip .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  floating   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return path to a directory .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   path

test:  add a zone to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  add   add
truth:  bind   bind

test:  ensures that a message is created when the app is known .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  breaks   a
truth:  display   a

test:  delete a kapacitor task .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper decorator to automatically automatically running this undo .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  function   default
truth:  null   a

test:  removes the string remove from the right of a file .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write analyze output .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  returns the sum of the given iterable as a float .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  sum   sum

test:  given a json file of an entity file .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  selected   json
truth:  selected   null

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   update
truth:  allocated   update

test:  remove multiple configuration from a datastore model .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  determine   helper
truth:  allocates   null

test:  write the checkpoint checkpoint in the cluster to a cluster .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  create   in
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with a von distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a generator of possible items .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  yield   function
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  jail a value of color with sum of autoconfig and l2 hue .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  fork   create
truth:  return   a

test:  return an ec2 connection to a service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that *individual* with a simple lda matrix .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the expression of the expression tree by a tmul .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  compute   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  retrieve all resources for the given resource path .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   find

test:  test social plugin attributes .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to protect dynamic default values of python 2 .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  do   dask
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  compute the precompute inertia inertia inertia inertia inertia inertia inertia inertia inertia between x and y .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  value   compute
truth:  labels   labels

test:  validate that sample ids are permutes .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  given   validate
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create or create a volume cache from the cluster .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  copies linear linear equations or int_div .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  return   func
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write a fif floating point tag .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  removes a cluster version .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the local directory path for a given client cli example: .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if a is a decimal b .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs a python web command in a subshell .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  runs   pil
truth:  write   null

test:  generator function to iterate over lists of column names .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  null   null

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a shell-like zip file .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  return   file
truth:  generate   a

test:  imports an object based on a string in dotted notation .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  imports   imports

test:  sort two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  strips   null
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements of base64 elements in an entry in the given string .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the block scalar in a block scalar .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   helper
truth:  set   set

test:  return volumes usage associated with a given time .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  retrieve   volumes
truth:  return   volumes

test:  return an discovery entry in the idmapper entry .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  run   run

test:  inverse of hilbert transform .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  strip(s) -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  text   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  escape partial url < parameter .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  escape   python
truth:  return   return

test:  a sympy expression representing the options available in the sympy expression .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  command   lookup
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper to function that function function wrapper to function .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  associate the security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   null

test:  delete an item by name .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  check   wrapper
truth:  exposes   null

test:  write sample mapping file to files .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  updated   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  parses the function plugin plugin .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  set the subnet name .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test the specificity specificity of ignored .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  estimate ridge .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  executes   estimate
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse hive-site configuration file .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return common pathlist path .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  grab   get
truth:  return   return

test:  remove wsgi intercept intercept for the given host .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds a message with the info level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   wrapper
truth:  adds   a

test:  look for a file .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator for api methods .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this helper function computes the length of a variable .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compile the and build the and install tasks .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that value is true or false .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   optional

test:  round a parent value from a mode .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  round   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert uint integer to uint integer .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  set subtitle video subtitles .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   new
truth:  set   new

test:  cache projects to cache project .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  retrieve   translate
truth:  projects   projects

test:  returns true if any of the patterns matches the given patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to aws configservice :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  decode the raw preferred preferred preferred encoding .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generate a url for the example of the example method .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  generating   start

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test that connections with a setting section or dictionary doesnt exist .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  run   null
truth:  test   test

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  read the string text .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  return   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  map a base class to a base path .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  print a string that prints sphinx to a remote server .
truth: format sys . 
test:  package   null
truth:  format   sys

test:  instantiates an array or tensor .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  wrap sending sending with contributed .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   a

test:  given two binary arrays .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return true if version is available and the version number .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  compare   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a directory on the master and can be placed .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  works   changes
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure an option group exists in the value of the node name irrelevant .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  function   resource
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  some location of the image .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   image

test:  helper method to treebeards exploration and update the contribution .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  place   task
truth:  null   null

test:  parse either a list of cyclic or n entries .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  warning   convolution
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  compute the kinetic function inplace .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a module name for a file .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the trap class for vispy .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  profiling   manager
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a documented search string for a given section .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  to   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a unicode string .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns the requests tuple for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function creates an actual device .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  list   process
truth:  null   device

test:  load social auth current user data to a string .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reads   a

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of the process .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an rpc object for use with the app identity api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  attempt to get default access key from script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the inverse of a matrix endian than x .
truth: given data x . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   data

test:  returns the pid of a container .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the top data that matches the specified shell .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  get   query
truth:  run   run

test:  runs a django command on the remote server .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  command   a
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  gets the process handler for scanning a given .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  disconnect   ctrl+c
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  return the backup dir to use for the given extension directory .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  package   equivalent
truth:  figure   figure

test:  initialize the south processing .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  initialize   init
truth:  initialize   null

test:  this could be a adapted attribute to invoke reactor .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  block   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  extract and convert a row from a json dictionary to a json python dictionary .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  construct   field
truth:  convert   json

test:  create a pending worker .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  function   return
truth:  create   create

test:  get a list of all baremetal node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  list   a
truth:  print   print

test:  returns url for given key .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that allows you to define a handler for tests in a given engine .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  return the absolute value of the gamma of an axis .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  sends responses to a ccx courses .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the inverse of f(s) .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function that converts access to unicode .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  string   view
truth:  call   str

test:  set the main entry point to the css script .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes the brightness and a temperature format .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  stop   federationidentifier
truth:  defines   null

test:  returns true if the object is an instance method name .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  private method decorator to add color to a color .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  produces   a

test:  create and add a file for a temporary file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns an tris object based on triangulation .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression arrow id .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  check to see if the given field can introspect be enabled .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  save the current plugin to restart .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  save   use
truth:  saves   null

test:  return etc_services information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  etc_services   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the list of available versions .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  list   dict
truth:  set   set

test:  get the mask for a mask or mask .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  call   mask
truth:  compute   compute

test:  formats a colx alphabet for one of the alphabet .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of the response that supports djangos response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build all the foreign keys .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   a

test:  transform edns results into edns .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  text   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  add pillars groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  adds   x
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid calling number .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns true if the email is a semi-colon sentiment .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorate an event with *name* .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  register   event

test:  get all widgets in the database .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  retrieve   matches
truth:  returns   a

test:  train a chunk of vocabulary or train .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  return   pickle
truth:  get   wmt

test:  render error page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  null   error
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raises an error if given .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  fake   sync
truth:  put   put

test:  generate a gzip graphs of the given edge .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  read   read

test:  return a decimal number for the specified number .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of expressions parts into a list of expressions .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  create an invariant field for use in testing .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  performs   create
truth:  create   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  push   a

test:  create a regular expression string .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  call   print
truth:  dump   null

test:  generate the vertices for curve bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  perform static text .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   part

test:  build a dictionary that renders a provider type based on the provider .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a tarball containing the specified list of archive .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  search   create
truth:  create   a

test:  create and add opuntia fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : sizeof lparen type_name rparen .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  get the number of complete count .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  builds a prepared from the input query .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  set the range of a range as a string .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  int   default
truth:  set   set

test:  like stdout .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  run calibration calibration .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  run   run
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  plot a symbolic link with the current axes and a time .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  draw   accepts
truth:  plot   plot

test:  decorator to raise skiptest exception if mkl batches to run a svd of svd parameters .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the salt probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the encryption key of a given key .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  builds   customer

test:  clears caches from the current thread .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   caches
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is passed .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  generates a random alphanumeric string .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  fail unless the given object is thrown when invoked tries to fail .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  this function wraps func when eintr fails .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  call   a
truth:  restart   a

test:  return a list of all the tests in the given suffix .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  return   a

test:  dynamically creates a class from a dotted module path .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu deconv with deconv periodogram .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete volume zone .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a constant with constant columns .
truth: some functions . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  null   functions

test:  run the grammar .
truth: main program . 
test:  markdown   function
truth:  null   program

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  test exponential raises valueerror when value is non .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  return the line of the graph g .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  generate   node

test:  load the given package from the specified package .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   load
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that the tax number is valid .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  query   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the tetrahedral graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the directory for the local pathname .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if python version is supported .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that autoscale instances of autoscale policy of autoscale .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  if   url

test:  same as changed .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  check   check

test:  compute an initial a*y of a such that f(x) = a*y .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  compute   dictionary
truth:  compute   compute

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  emulates   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  determines if we can square suggestions to find if a node can square .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  if   function
truth:  return   return

test:  this function converts a number of sums to a python data type .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  recursive   a
truth:  take   a

test:  split a title into a list of sub lists .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   title
truth:  split   a

test:  convert a propositional logical sentence s to disjunctive normal form .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create directory if it does not exist .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  check   a
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the organization .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  get   options
truth:  list   list

test:  open a call to the terminal .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  call   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a generator of the collections to check the collection .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  context   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a csv file contains a valid csv format .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  ensure   null

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for ec2 configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  take parameters defined in the desired oslos modules and build a new desired config from the desired module .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  build   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extract the id for a segments id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  token   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  this function is called to create a new log file .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  log   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compress body at given level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   m
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   create
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a list of element trees to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  validates a list of dictionaries or true/false .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validate   list
truth:  validates   a

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to network-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  null   return
truth:  convert   integer

test:  loads the item cache from an item .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   cache
truth:  load   item

test:  tell whether the given package has an atom for the given package .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  obtain the lock from the space-separated environment .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  given   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract the latest flexget flexget .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap object to true if it can be embedded or object .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  return   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  translate an application error to a datastore error .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  imports the specified class for the given class .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   null

test:  wrap a function in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  run   a

test:  export stats from request to post .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  export   export
truth:  stats   stats

test:  deletes an image from the system .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  python objects client_id .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  deserialize   serialize
truth:  null   decoder

test:  convert a value or string into a python value .
truth: get opt . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  get   opt

test:  enable/disable an disinherit acl for the given job name the name of the given acl .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  calling   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert string to integer .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  null   advance
truth:  translate   a

test:  adds a task to the enriched iso metadata .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  mostly mostly to be sent to cspreport .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  to   tasks
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check for log .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  check   check
truth:  -   -

test:  section [instance] to do a worker step .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  requests   pprint
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   date_time
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  code   code

test:  return the name of the volume .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  constructs   return
truth:  constructs   null

test:  raises an assertionerror that same arrays .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  raises   asserts
truth:  check   check

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  recalculate   scores
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a os x values into a list of lists .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned into the service when the service was invoked .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  build an offset from a datetime or a datetime object .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if this xblock has limited to the specified xblock .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  get   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  updates the dmg makefile in the dmg file .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   update

test:  return information on open ports and states cli examples: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   report
truth:  return   a

test:  create vbd and vm from vm and vbd .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  identify the first data format from the provided data .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  loop   loop

test:  helper method to load messages from page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce the width of original_size padding by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  lists all the qos to network associations .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  the number of characters in a string .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   method

test:  kill a pid from the given signal .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a dictionary of mapping file to a dictionary .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  return true if the given jid is a python jid .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a cluster options from a vcenter .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  return   get
truth:  obtain   a

test:  return all steps for all steps .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   -
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  checks whether there is unrendered field field .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  register a custom handler to be used for the mapping .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   handler

test:  return true if help is a list of ints .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is link-local *attr* .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates a rpc url for a given operation .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  request   request
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a random string of source characters .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return a slice object that will be used to get the data slice .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  make   items
truth:  slice   slice

test:  adds an relative key to the third-party key url remove the existing key and redirect to a query response .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  adds   header
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  collect indices of batch into a batch of data .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  close   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function takes a list of tags that are available .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  configured   list
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  execute a command in a subprocess .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  null   interface

test:  return domain domain objects from a url .
truth: for example . 
test:  simulate   null
truth:  null   example

test:  cause classpath from bundle .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  open   directory
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using "lazy" loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  return a list of all updates that have been available on the system .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure that os does not crash correctly when the email address is set .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  if   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  make the call to another program .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  list   factory
truth:  execute   a

test:  use source field to move repo to source .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  get the monogo_return options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a container namespaces or xpath .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  split   split

test:  return eratosthenes for a set of probabilities .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  get   row

test:  calculate indices to filter by a given length .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  =   usage
truth:  apply   a

test:  1-d arrays horizontally .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  verify   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  fetch input from a given error .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  passing   wrapper
truth:  input   input

test:  return a html page in the public api .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  link   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a protobuf image to a taxon image name .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  function   function

